
1. Nature. 2015 Jul 30;523(7562):588-91. doi: 10.1038/nature14659. Epub 2015 Jul 15.

Sparse whole-genome sequencing identifies two loci for major depressive disorder.

CONVERGE consortium.

Collaborators: Cai N, Bigdeli TB, Kretzschmar W, Li Y, Liang J, Song L, Hu J, Li 
Q, Jin W, Hu Z, Wang G, Wang L, Qian P, Liu Y, Jiang T, Lu Y, Zhang X, Yin Y, Li 
Y, Xu X, Gao J, Reimers M, Webb T, Riley B, Bacanu S, Peterson RE, Chen Y, Zhong 
H, Liu Z, Wang G, Sun J, Sang H, Jiang G, Zhou X, Li Y, Li Y, Zhang W, Wang X,
Fang X, Pan R, Miao G, Zhang Q, Hu J, Yu F, Du B, Sang W, Li K, Chen G, Cai M,
Yang L, Yang D, Ha B, Hong X, Deng H, Li G, Li K, Song Y, Gao S, Zhang J, Gan Z, 
Meng H, Pan J, Gao C, Zhang K, Sun N, Li Y, Niu Q, Zhang Y, Liu T, Hu C, Zhang Z,
Lv L, Dong J, Wang X, Tao M, Wang X, Xia J, Rong H, He Q, Liu T, Huang G, Mei Q, 
Shen Z, Liu Y, Shen J, Tian T, Liu X, Wu W, Gu D, Fu G, Shi J, Chen Y, Gan X, Liu
L, Wang L, Yang F, Cong E, Marchini J, Yang H, Wang J, Shi S, Mott R, Xu Q, Wang 
J, Kendler KS, Flint J.

Comment in
    Nature. 2015 Jul 16;523(7560):268-9.
    Clin Genet. 2015 Oct;88(4):340-2.
    Nature. 2015 Jul 30;523(7562):539-40.

Major depressive disorder (MDD), one of the most frequently encountered forms of 
mental illness and a leading cause of disability worldwide, poses a major
challenge to genetic analysis. To date, no robustly replicated genetic loci have 
been identified, despite analysis of more than 9,000 cases. Here, using
low-coverage whole-genome sequencing of 5,303 Chinese women with recurrent MDD
selected to reduce phenotypic heterogeneity, and 5,337 controls screened to
exclude MDD, we identified, and subsequently replicated in an independent sample,
two loci contributing to risk of MDD on chromosome 10: one near the SIRT1 gene
(P = 2.53 × 10(-10)), the other in an intron of the LHPP gene (P =
6.45 × 10(-12)). Analysis of 4,509 cases with a severe subtype of MDD,
melancholia, yielded an increased genetic signal at the SIRT1 locus. We attribute
our success to the recruitment of relatively homogeneous cases with severe
illness.

DOI: 10.1038/nature14659 
PMCID: PMC4522619
PMID: 26176920  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


2. Nature. 2014 Nov 13;515(7526):181. doi: 10.1038/515180a.

Mental health: a world of depression.

Smith K.

DOI: 10.1038/515180a 
PMID: 25391942  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


3. Nature. 2014 Nov 13;515(7526):189-91. doi: 10.1038/515189a.

Mental health: depression needs large human-genetics studies.

Hyman S(1).

Author information: 
(1)Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research at the Broad Institute in Cambridge,
Massachusetts, USA.

DOI: 10.1038/515189a 
PMID: 25391945  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


4. Nature. 2014 Nov 13;515(7526):182-4. doi: 10.1038/515182a.

Medical research: if depression were cancer.

Ledford H.

DOI: 10.1038/515182a 
PMID: 25391943  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


5. Nature. 2014 Nov 13;515(7526):185-7. doi: 10.1038/515185a.

Depression: a change of mind.

Anthes E.

DOI: 10.1038/515185a 
PMID: 25391944  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


6. Nature. 2014 Nov 13;515(7526):200-1. doi: 10.1038/515200a.

Depression: the best way forward.

Monteggia LM(1), Malenka RC(2), Deisseroth K(2).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neuroscience, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center,
Dallas, Texas 75390-9111, USA. (2)Departments of Psychiatry and Behavioral
Sciences and of Bioengineering, Stanford University, Stanford, California 94305, 
USA.

DOI: 10.1038/515200a 
PMID: 25391955  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


7. Nature. 2014 Nov 13;515(7526):179. doi: 10.1038/515179a.

Mental health: the great depression.

[No authors listed]

DOI: 10.1038/515179a 
PMID: 25391941  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


8. Nature. 2014 Nov 13;515(7526):163. doi: 10.1038/515163a.

The burden of depression.

[No authors listed]

DOI: 10.1038/515163a 
PMID: 25391922  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


9. Nature. 2013 Jun 13;498(7453):137.

No dishonour in depression.

[No authors listed]


PMID: 23776946  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


10. Nature. 2015 Jul 16;523(7560):268-9. doi: 10.1038/523268a.

First robust genetic links to depression emerge.

Ledford H.

Comment on
    Nature. 2015 Jul 30;523(7562):588-91.

DOI: 10.1038/523268a 
PMID: 26178945  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


11. Nature. 2015 Jul 30;523(7562):539-40. doi: 10.1038/nature14635. Epub 2015 Jul 15.

Genetics of disease: Associations with depression.

Sullivan PF(1).

Author information: 
(1)Departments of Genetics and Psychiatry, University of North Carolina, Chapel
Hill, North Carolina 27599-7264, USA, and in the Department of Medical
Epidemiology and Biostatistics, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden.

Comment on
    Nature. 2015 Jul 30;523(7562):588-91.

DOI: 10.1038/nature14635 
PMID: 26176922  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


12. Nature. 2013 Jan 24;493(7433):537-41. doi: 10.1038/nature11740. Epub 2012 Dec 12.

Dopamine neurons modulate neural encoding and expression of depression-related
behaviour.

Tye KM(1), Mirzabekov JJ, Warden MR, Ferenczi EA, Tsai HC, Finkelstein J, Kim SY,
Adhikari A, Thompson KR, Andalman AS, Gunaydin LA, Witten IB, Deisseroth K.

Author information: 
(1)Picower Institute for Learning and Memory, Brain and Cognitive Sciences,
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, USA.
kaytye@mit.edu

Major depression is characterized by diverse debilitating symptoms that include
hopelessness and anhedonia. Dopamine neurons involved in reward and motivation
are among many neural populations that have been hypothesized to be relevant, and
certain antidepressant treatments, including medications and brain stimulation
therapies, can influence the complex dopamine system. Until now it has not been
possible to test this hypothesis directly, even in animal models, as existing
therapeutic interventions are unable to specifically target dopamine neurons.
Here we investigated directly the causal contributions of defined dopamine
neurons to multidimensional depression-like phenotypes induced by chronic mild
stress, by integrating behavioural, pharmacological, optogenetic and
electrophysiological methods in freely moving rodents. We found that
bidirectional control (inhibition or excitation) of specified midbrain dopamine
neurons immediately and bidirectionally modulates (induces or relieves) multiple 
independent depression symptoms caused by chronic stress. By probing the circuit 
implementation of these effects, we observed that optogenetic recruitment of
these dopamine neurons potently alters the neural encoding of depression-related 
behaviours in the downstream nucleus accumbens of freely moving rodents,
suggesting that processes affecting depression symptoms may involve alterations
in the neural encoding of action in limbic circuitry.

DOI: 10.1038/nature11740 
PMCID: PMC4160519
PMID: 23235822  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


13. Nature. 2015 Jun 18;522(7556):335-9. doi: 10.1038/nature14514.

Activating positive memory engrams suppresses depression-like behaviour.

Ramirez S(1), Liu X, MacDonald CJ(1), Moffa A(1), Zhou J(1), Redondo RL(2),
Tonegawa S(2).

Author information: 
(1)RIKEN-MIT Center for Neural Circuit Genetics at the Picower Institute for
Learning and Memory, Department of Biology and Department of Brain and Cognitive 
Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, 
USA. (2)1] RIKEN-MIT Center for Neural Circuit Genetics at the Picower Institute 
for Learning and Memory, Department of Biology and Department of Brain and
Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge,
Massachusetts 02139, USA [2] Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 2015 Jun 18;522(7556):294-5.

Stress is considered a potent environmental risk factor for many behavioural
abnormalities, including anxiety and mood disorders. Animal models can exhibit
limited but quantifiable behavioural impairments resulting from chronic stress,
including deficits in motivation, abnormal responses to behavioural challenges,
and anhedonia. The hippocampus is thought to negatively regulate the stress
response and to mediate various cognitive and mnemonic aspects of stress-induced 
impairments, although the neuronal underpinnings sufficient to support
behavioural improvements are largely unknown. Here we acutely rescue
stress-induced depression-related behaviours in mice by optogenetically
reactivating dentate gyrus cells that were previously active during a positive
experience. A brain-wide histological investigation, coupled with pharmacological
and projection-specific optogenetic blockade experiments, identified
glutamatergic activity in the hippocampus-amygdala-nucleus-accumbens pathway as a
candidate circuit supporting the acute rescue. Finally, chronically reactivating 
hippocampal cells associated with a positive memory resulted in the rescue of
stress-induced behavioural impairments and neurogenesis at time points beyond the
light stimulation. Together, our data suggest that activating positive memories
artificially is sufficient to suppress depression-like behaviours and point to
dentate gyrus engram cells as potential therapeutic nodes for intervening with
maladaptive behavioural states.

DOI: 10.1038/nature14514 
PMID: 26085274  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


14. Nature. 2011 Jun 15;475(7354):91-5. doi: 10.1038/nature10130.

NMDA receptor blockade at rest triggers rapid behavioural antidepressant
responses.

Autry AE(1), Adachi M, Nosyreva E, Na ES, Los MF, Cheng PF, Kavalali ET,
Monteggia LM.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center,
5323 Harry Hines Boulevard, Dallas, Texas 75390-9111, USA.

Comment in
    Nat Rev Drug Discov. 2011 Aug;10(8):577.

Clinical studies consistently demonstrate that a single sub-psychomimetic dose of
ketamine, an ionotropic glutamatergic NMDAR (N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor)
antagonist, produces fast-acting antidepressant responses in patients suffering
from major depressive disorder, although the underlying mechanism is unclear.
Depressed patients report the alleviation of major depressive disorder symptoms
within two hours of a single, low-dose intravenous infusion of ketamine, with
effects lasting up to two weeks, unlike traditional antidepressants (serotonin
re-uptake inhibitors), which take weeks to reach efficacy. This delay is a major 
drawback to current therapies for major depressive disorder and faster-acting
antidepressants are needed, particularly for suicide-risk patients. The ability
of ketamine to produce rapidly acting, long-lasting antidepressant responses in
depressed patients provides a unique opportunity to investigate underlying
cellular mechanisms. Here we show that ketamine and other NMDAR antagonists
produce fast-acting behavioural antidepressant-like effects in mouse models, and 
that these effects depend on the rapid synthesis of brain-derived neurotrophic
factor. We find that the ketamine-mediated blockade of NMDAR at rest deactivates 
eukaryotic elongation factor 2 (eEF2) kinase (also called CaMKIII), resulting in 
reduced eEF2 phosphorylation and de-suppression of translation of brain-derived
neurotrophic factor. Furthermore, we find that inhibitors of eEF2 kinase induce
fast-acting behavioural antidepressant-like effects. Our findings indicate that
the regulation of protein synthesis by spontaneous neurotransmission may serve as
a viable therapeutic target for the development of fast-acting antidepressants.

©2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved

DOI: 10.1038/nature10130 
PMCID: PMC3172695
PMID: 21677641  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


15. Nature. 2013 Jan 24;493(7433):532-6. doi: 10.1038/nature11713. Epub 2012 Dec 12.

Rapid regulation of depression-related behaviours by control of midbrain dopamine
neurons.

Chaudhury D(1), Walsh JJ, Friedman AK, Juarez B, Ku SM, Koo JW, Ferguson D, Tsai 
HC, Pomeranz L, Christoffel DJ, Nectow AR, Ekstrand M, Domingos A, Mazei-Robison 
MS, Mouzon E, Lobo MK, Neve RL, Friedman JM, Russo SJ, Deisseroth K, Nestler EJ, 
Han MH.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Pharmacology and Systems Therapeutics, Friedman Brain Institute,
Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New York, New York 10029, USA.

Ventral tegmental area (VTA) dopamine neurons in the brain's reward circuit have 
a crucial role in mediating stress responses, including determining
susceptibility versus resilience to social-stress-induced behavioural
abnormalities. VTA dopamine neurons show two in vivo patterns of firing: low
frequency tonic firing and high frequency phasic firing. Phasic firing of the
neurons, which is well known to encode reward signals, is upregulated by repeated
social-defeat stress, a highly validated mouse model of depression. Surprisingly,
this pathophysiological effect is seen in susceptible mice only, with no apparent
change in firing rate in resilient individuals. However, direct evidence--in real
time--linking dopamine neuron phasic firing in promoting the susceptible
(depression-like) phenotype is lacking. Here we took advantage of the temporal
precision and cell-type and projection-pathway specificity of optogenetics to
show that enhanced phasic firing of these neurons mediates susceptibility to
social-defeat stress in freely behaving mice. We show that optogenetic induction 
of phasic, but not tonic, firing in VTA dopamine neurons of mice undergoing a
subthreshold social-defeat paradigm rapidly induced a susceptible phenotype as
measured by social avoidance and decreased sucrose preference. Optogenetic phasic
stimulation of these neurons also quickly induced a susceptible phenotype in
previously resilient mice that had been subjected to repeated social-defeat
stress. Furthermore, we show differences in projection-pathway specificity in
promoting stress susceptibility: phasic activation of VTA neurons projecting to
the nucleus accumbens (NAc), but not to the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC),
induced susceptibility to social-defeat stress. Conversely, optogenetic
inhibition of the VTA-NAc projection induced resilience, whereas inhibition of
the VTA-mPFC projection promoted susceptibility. Overall, these studies reveal
novel firing-pattern- and neural-circuit-specific mechanisms of depression.

DOI: 10.1038/nature11713 
PMCID: PMC3554860
PMID: 23235832  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


16. Nature. 2014 Jun 26;510(7506):S10-1. doi: 10.1038/510S10a.

Mental health: ups and downs.

Gupta S.

DOI: 10.1038/510S10a 
PMID: 24964021  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


17. Nature. 2015 Jan 8;517(7533):130-1. doi: 10.1038/517130a.

Rave drug tested against depression.

Reardon S.

DOI: 10.1038/517130a 
PMID: 25567262  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


18. Nature. 2011 Feb 24;470(7335):535-9. doi: 10.1038/nature09742.

Synaptic potentiation onto habenula neurons in the learned helplessness model of 
depression.

Li B(1), Piriz J, Mirrione M, Chung C, Proulx CD, Schulz D, Henn F, Malinow R.

Author information: 
(1)Center for Neural Circuits and Behavior, Department of Neuroscience,
University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, California 92093, USA.
bli@cshl.edu

The cellular basis of depressive disorders is poorly understood. Recent studies
in monkeys indicate that neurons in the lateral habenula (LHb), a nucleus that
mediates communication between forebrain and midbrain structures, can increase
their activity when an animal fails to receive an expected positive reward or
receives a stimulus that predicts aversive conditions (that is, disappointment or
anticipation of a negative outcome). LHb neurons project to, and modulate,
dopamine-rich regions, such as the ventral tegmental area (VTA), that control
reward-seeking behaviour and participate in depressive disorders. Here we show
that in two learned helplessness models of depression, excitatory synapses onto
LHb neurons projecting to the VTA are potentiated. Synaptic potentiation
correlates with an animal's helplessness behaviour and is due to an enhanced
presynaptic release probability. Depleting transmitter release by repeated
electrical stimulation of LHb afferents, using a protocol that can be effective
for patients who are depressed, markedly suppresses synaptic drive onto
VTA-projecting LHb neurons in brain slices and can significantly reduce learned
helplessness behaviour in rats. Our results indicate that increased presynaptic
action onto LHb neurons contributes to the rodent learned helplessness model of
depression.

DOI: 10.1038/nature09742 
PMCID: PMC3285101
PMID: 21350486  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


19. Nature. 2008 Oct 16;455(7215):894-902. doi: 10.1038/nature07455.

The molecular neurobiology of depression.

Krishnan V(1), Nestler EJ.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry, The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center,
Dallas, Texas 75390, USA.

Unravelling the pathophysiology of depression is a unique challenge. Not only are
depressive syndromes heterogeneous and their aetiologies diverse, but symptoms
such as guilt and suicidality are impossible to reproduce in animal models.
Nevertheless, other symptoms have been accurately modelled, and these, together
with clinical data, are providing insight into the neurobiology of depression.
Recent studies combining behavioural, molecular and electrophysiological
techniques reveal that certain aspects of depression result from maladaptive
stress-induced neuroplastic changes in specific neural circuits. They also show
that understanding the mechanisms of resilience to stress offers a crucial new
dimension for the development of fundamentally novel antidepressant treatments.

DOI: 10.1038/nature07455 
PMCID: PMC2721780
PMID: 18923511  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


20. Nature. 2012 Dec 20;492(7429):428-32. doi: 10.1038/nature11617.

A prefrontal cortex-brainstem neuronal projection that controls response to
behavioural challenge.

Warden MR(1), Selimbeyoglu A, Mirzabekov JJ, Lo M, Thompson KR, Kim SY, Adhikari 
A, Tye KM, Frank LM, Deisseroth K.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Bioengineering, Stanford University, Stanford, California 94305,
USA. mwarden@stanford.edu

Comment in
    Curr Biol. 2013 Feb 18;23(4):R161-3.
    Nat Rev Neurosci. 2013 Jan;14(1):4-5.

The prefrontal cortex (PFC) is thought to participate in high-level control of
the generation of behaviours (including the decision to execute actions); indeed,
imaging and lesion studies in human beings have revealed that PFC dysfunction can
lead to either impulsive states with increased tendency to initiate action, or to
amotivational states characterized by symptoms such as reduced activity,
hopelessness and depressed mood. Considering the opposite valence of these two
phenotypes as well as the broad complexity of other tasks attributed to PFC, we
sought to elucidate the PFC circuitry that favours effortful behavioural
responses to challenging situations. Here we develop and use a quantitative
method for the continuous assessment and control of active response to a
behavioural challenge, synchronized with single-unit electrophysiology and
optogenetics in freely moving rats. In recording from the medial PFC (mPFC), we
observed that many neurons were not simply movement-related in their spike-firing
patterns but instead were selectively modulated from moment to moment, according 
to the animal's decision to act in a challenging situation. Surprisingly, we next
found that direct activation of principal neurons in the mPFC had no detectable
causal effect on this behaviour. We tested whether this behaviour could be
causally mediated by only a subclass of mPFC cells defined by specific downstream
wiring. Indeed, by leveraging optogenetic projection-targeting to control cells
with specific efferent wiring patterns, we found that selective activation of
those mPFC cells projecting to the brainstem dorsal raphe nucleus (DRN), a
serotonergic nucleus implicated in major depressive disorder, induced a profound,
rapid and reversible effect on selection of the active behavioural state. These
results may be of importance in understanding the neural circuitry underlying
normal and pathological patterns of action selection and motivation in behaviour.

DOI: 10.1038/nature11617 
PMID: 23160494  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


21. Nature. 2014 Jan 16;505(7483):309-17. doi: 10.1038/nature12982.

Circuit dynamics of adaptive and maladaptive behaviour.

Deisseroth K(1).

Author information: 
(1)1] Department of Bioengineering, Stanford University, Stanford, California
94305, USA. [2] Department of Psychiatry, Stanford University, Stanford,
California 94305, USA. [3] Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Stanford University, 
Stanford, California 94305, USA.

The recent development of technologies for investigating specific components of
intact biological systems has allowed elucidation of the neural circuitry
underlying adaptive and maladaptive behaviours. Investigators are now able to
observe and control, with high spatio-temporal resolution, structurally defined
intact pathways along which electrical activity flows during and after the
performance of complex behaviours. These investigations have revealed that
control of projection-specific dynamics is well suited to modulating behavioural 
patterns that are relevant to a broad range of psychiatric diseases. Structural
dynamics principles have emerged to provide diverse, unexpected and causal
insights into the operation of intact and diseased nervous systems, linking form 
and function in the brain.

DOI: 10.1038/nature12982 
PMCID: PMC4069282
PMID: 24429629  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


22. Nature. 2011 Nov 15;479(7373):278. doi: 10.1038/479278a.

Depression drug disappoints.

Ledford H.

DOI: 10.1038/479278a 
PMID: 22094666  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


23. Nature. 2016 Oct 13;538(7624):158-160. doi: 10.1038/538158a.

The mental-health crisis among migrants.

Abbott A.

Erratum in
    Nature. 2016 Oct 25;538(7626):441.

Comment in
    Nature. 2016 Oct 11;538(7624):139.

DOI: 10.1038/538158a 
PMID: 27734887  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


24. Nature. 2014 Aug 7;512(7512):26-7. doi: 10.1038/512026a.

Culture: Artistic alchemy.

Ball P.

DOI: 10.1038/512026a 
PMID: 25100468  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


25. Nature. 2016 May 26;533(7604):481-6. doi: 10.1038/nature17998.

NMDAR inhibition-independent antidepressant actions of ketamine metabolites.

Zanos P(1), Moaddel R(2), Morris PJ(3), Georgiou P(1), Fischell J(4), Elmer
GI(1,)(5,)(6), Alkondon M(7), Yuan P(8), Pribut HJ(1), Singh NS(2), Dossou KS(2),
Fang Y(3), Huang XP(9), Mayo CL(6), Wainer IW(2), Albuquerque EX(5,)(7,)(10),
Thompson SM(1,)(4), Thomas CJ(3), Zarate CA Jr(8), Gould TD(1,)(5,)(11).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry, University of Maryland School of Medicine,
Baltimore, Maryland 21201, USA. (2)Biomedical Research Center, National Institute
on Aging, National Institutes of Health, Baltimore, Maryland 21224, USA.
(3)Division of Preclinical Innovation, National Center for Advancing
Translational Sciences, National Institutes of Health, Rockville, Maryland 20850,
USA. (4)Department of Physiology, University of Maryland School of Medicine,
Baltimore, Maryland 21201, USA. (5)Department of Pharmacology, University of
Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland 21201, USA. (6)Maryland
Psychiatric Research Center, University of Maryland School of Medicine,
Baltimore, Maryland 21228, USA. (7)Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, 
Division of Translational Toxicology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, 
Baltimore, Maryland 21201, USA. (8)Experimental Therapeutics and Pathophysiology 
Branch, Intramural Research Program, National Institute of Mental Health,
National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland 20892, USA. (9)NIMH
Psychoactive Drug Screening Program, Department of Pharmacology and Division of
Chemical Biology and Medicinal Chemistry, University of North Carolina Chapel
Hill Medical School, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27516, USA. (10)Department of
Medicine, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland 21201,
USA. (11)Department of Anatomy and Neurobiology, University of Maryland School of
Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland 21201, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 2016 May 26;533(7604):477-8.

Major depressive disorder affects around 16 per cent of the world population at
some point in their lives. Despite the availability of numerous
monoaminergic-based antidepressants, most patients require several weeks, if not 
months, to respond to these treatments, and many patients never attain sustained 
remission of their symptoms. The non-competitive, glutamatergic NMDAR
(N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor) antagonist (R,S)-ketamine exerts rapid and
sustained antidepressant effects after a single dose in patients with depression,
but its use is associated with undesirable side effects. Here we show that the
metabolism of (R,S)-ketamine to (2S,6S;2R,6R)-hydroxynorketamine (HNK) is
essential for its antidepressant effects, and that the (2R,6R)-HNK enantiomer
exerts behavioural, electroencephalographic, electrophysiological and cellular
antidepressant-related actions in mice. These antidepressant actions are
independent of NMDAR inhibition but involve early and sustained activation of
AMPARs (α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionic acid receptors). We also
establish that (2R,6R)-HNK lacks ketamine-related side effects. Our data
implicate a novel mechanism underlying the antidepressant properties of
(R,S)-ketamine and have relevance for the development of next-generation,
rapid-acting antidepressants.

DOI: 10.1038/nature17998 
PMCID: PMC4922311
PMID: 27144355  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


26. Nature. 2012 Oct 18;490(7420):402-6. doi: 10.1038/nature11436. Epub 2012 Sep 19.

Severe stress switches CRF action in the nucleus accumbens from appetitive to
aversive.

Lemos JC(1), Wanat MJ, Smith JS, Reyes BA, Hollon NG, Van Bockstaele EJ, Chavkin 
C, Phillips PE.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, University of Washington,
Seattle, Washington 98195, USA.

Comment in
    Nat Rev Neurosci. 2012 Nov;13(11):741.

Stressors motivate an array of adaptive responses ranging from 'fight or flight' 
to an internal urgency signal facilitating long-term goals. However, traumatic or
chronic uncontrollable stress promotes the onset of major depressive disorder, in
which acute stressors lose their motivational properties and are perceived as
insurmountable impediments. Consequently, stress-induced depression is a
debilitating human condition characterized by an affective shift from engagement 
of the environment to withdrawal. An emerging neurobiological substrate of
depression and associated pathology is the nucleus accumbens, a region with the
capacity to mediate a diverse range of stress responses by interfacing limbic,
cognitive and motor circuitry. Here we report that corticotropin-releasing factor
(CRF), a neuropeptide released in response to acute stressors and other arousing 
environmental stimuli, acts in the nucleus accumbens of naive mice to increase
dopamine release through coactivation of the receptors CRFR1 and CRFR2.
Remarkably, severe-stress exposure completely abolished this effect without
recovery for at least 90 days. This loss of CRF's capacity to regulate dopamine
release in the nucleus accumbens is accompanied by a switch in the reaction to
CRF from appetitive to aversive, indicating a diametric change in the emotional
response to acute stressors. Thus, the current findings offer a biological
substrate for the switch in affect which is central to stress-induced depressive 
disorders.

DOI: 10.1038/nature11436 
PMCID: PMC3475726
PMID: 22992525  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


27. Nature. 2006 Oct 12;443(7112):629-31.

Depression: comfortably numb.

Check E.

DOI: 10.1038/443629a 
PMID: 17035973  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


28. Nature. 2016 May 26;533(7604):477-8. doi: 10.1038/nature17897.

Depression: Ketamine steps out of the darkness.

Malinow R(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurosciences, School of Medicine, and in the Section of
Neurobiology, Division of Biology, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla,
California 92093, USA.

Comment on
    Nature. 2016 May 26;533(7604):481-6.

DOI: 10.1038/nature17897 
PMCID: PMC5102012
PMID: 27144350  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


29. Nature. 2012 Jul 11;487(7406):183-9. doi: 10.1038/nature11160.

Anhedonia requires MC4R-mediated synaptic adaptations in nucleus accumbens.

Lim BK(1), Huang KW, Grueter BA, Rothwell PE, Malenka RC.

Author information: 
(1)Nancy Pritzker Laboratory, Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences,
Stanford University School of Medicine, 265 Campus Drive, Stanford, California
94305, USA.

Comment in
    Neuron. 2012 Aug 9;75(3):360-2.

Chronic stress is a strong diathesis for depression in humans and is used to
generate animal models of depression. It commonly leads to several major symptoms
of depression, including dysregulated feeding behaviour, anhedonia and
behavioural despair. Although hypotheses defining the neural pathophysiology of
depression have been proposed, the critical synaptic adaptations in key brain
circuits that mediate stress-induced depressive symptoms remain poorly
understood. Here we show that chronic stress in mice decreases the strength of
excitatory synapses on D1 dopamine receptor-expressing nucleus accumbens medium
spiny neurons owing to activation of the melanocortin 4 receptor. Stress-elicited
increases in behavioural measurements of anhedonia, but not increases in
measurements of behavioural despair, are prevented by blocking these melanocortin
4 receptor-mediated synaptic changes in vivo. These results establish that
stress-elicited anhedonia requires a neuropeptide-triggered, cell-type-specific
synaptic adaptation in the nucleus accumbens and that distinct circuit
adaptations mediate other major symptoms of stress-elicited depression.

DOI: 10.1038/nature11160 
PMCID: PMC3397405
PMID: 22785313  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


30. Nature. 2016 Feb 4;530(7588):17. doi: 10.1038/530017a.

Drugmakers target depression's cognitive fog.

Ledford H.

DOI: 10.1038/530017a 
PMID: 26842036  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


31. Nature. 2011 Nov 2;479(7371):14. doi: 10.1038/479014a.

Mental-health guide accused of overreach.

Ledford H.

Erratum in
    Nature. 2011 Nov 10;479(7372):163.

DOI: 10.1038/479014a 
PMID: 22051649  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


32. Nature. 2014 Dec 4;516(7529):45-6. doi: 10.1038/nature13942. Epub 2014 Nov 12.

Neurobiology: a molecular knife to dice depression.

Schratt G(1).

Author information: 
(1)Biochemisch-Pharmakologisches Centrum, Institut für Physiologische Chemie,
Philipps-Universität Marburg, 35032 Marburg, Germany.

Comment on
    Nature. 2014 Dec 4;516(7529):51-5.

DOI: 10.1038/nature13942 
PMID: 25383532  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


33. Nature. 2012 Sep 27;489(7417):473-4.

Therapy deficit.

[No authors listed]

Comment in
    Am J Psychiatry. 2013 Jul;170(7):712-5.


PMID: 23025008  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


34. Nature. 2016 Apr 7;532(7597):20-3. doi: 10.1038/532020a.

Mental health: There's an app for that.

Anthes E.

DOI: 10.1038/532020a 
PMID: 27078548  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


35. Nature. 2016 Mar 3;531(7592):S18-9. doi: 10.1038/531S18a.

Neurobiology: Rise of resilience.

King A.

DOI: 10.1038/531S18a 
PMID: 26934522  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


36. Nature. 2015 Oct 22;526(7574):S55-6. doi: 10.1038/526S55a.

Q&A: Memory man.

Tonegawa S, Matlhagela K.

DOI: 10.1038/526S55a 
PMID: 26488242  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


37. Nature. 2015 Jun 18;522(7556):294-5. doi: 10.1038/522294a.

Neuroscience: The power of positivity.

Dranovsky A(1), Leonardo ED(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry, Division of Integrative Neuroscience, Columbia
University, New York, New York 10032, USA, and at the New York State Psychiatric 
Institute.

Comment on
    Nature. 2015 Jun 18;522(7556):335-9.

DOI: 10.1038/522294a 
PMID: 26085266  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


38. Nature. 2015 Oct 8;526(7572):S12-3. doi: 10.1038/526S12a.

Masculinity: Men's makeover.

Chi KR.

DOI: 10.1038/526S12a 
PMID: 26444368  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


39. Nature. 2012 Nov 22;491(7425):537-8. doi: 10.1038/nature11752. Epub 2012 Nov 14.

Circadian rhythms: Depression brought to light.

Monteggia LM, Kavalali ET.

Comment on
    Nature. 2012 Nov 22;491(7425):594-8.

DOI: 10.1038/nature11752 
PMID: 23151474  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


40. Nature. 2015 Feb 26;518(7540):S12-5. doi: 10.1038/518S13a.

Mental health: thinking from the gut.

Schmidt C.

DOI: 10.1038/518S13a 
PMID: 25715275  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


41. Nature. 2011 Aug 3;476(7361):458-61. doi: 10.1038/nature10287.

Adult hippocampal neurogenesis buffers stress responses and depressive behaviour.

Snyder JS(1), Soumier A, Brewer M, Pickel J, Cameron HA.

Author information: 
(1)National Institute of Mental Health, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, 
Maryland 20892, USA.

Comment in
    Cell Stem Cell. 2011 Oct 4;9(4):287-8.
    Nat Rev Neurosci. 2011 Sep;12(9):492-3.

Glucocorticoids are released in response to stressful experiences and serve many 
beneficial homeostatic functions. However, dysregulation of glucocorticoids is
associated with cognitive impairments and depressive illness. In the hippocampus,
a brain region densely populated with receptors for stress hormones, stress and
glucocorticoids strongly inhibit adult neurogenesis. Decreased neurogenesis has
been implicated in the pathogenesis of anxiety and depression, but direct
evidence for this role is lacking. Here we show that adult-born hippocampal
neurons are required for normal expression of the endocrine and behavioural
components of the stress response. Using either transgenic or radiation methods
to inhibit adult neurogenesis specifically, we find that glucocorticoid levels
are slower to recover after moderate stress and are less suppressed by
dexamethasone in neurogenesis-deficient mice than intact mice, consistent with a 
role for the hippocampus in regulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal
(HPA) axis. Relative to controls, neurogenesis-deficient mice also showed
increased food avoidance in a novel environment after acute stress, increased
behavioural despair in the forced swim test, and decreased sucrose preference, a 
measure of anhedonia. These findings identify a small subset of neurons within
the dentate gyrus that are critical for hippocampal negative control of the HPA
axis and support a direct role for adult neurogenesis in depressive illness.

DOI: 10.1038/nature10287 
PMCID: PMC3162077
PMID: 21814201  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


42. Nature. 2014 Dec 4;516(7529):51-5. doi: 10.1038/nature13976. Epub 2014 Nov 12.

β-catenin mediates stress resilience through Dicer1/microRNA regulation.

Dias C(1), Feng J(1), Sun H(1), Shao NY(1), Mazei-Robison MS(1), Damez-Werno
D(1), Scobie K(1), Bagot R(1), LaBonté B(1), Ribeiro E(1), Liu X(1), Kennedy
P(1), Vialou V(1), Ferguson D(1), Peña C(1), Calipari ES(1), Koo JW(1), Mouzon
E(1), Ghose S(2), Tamminga C(2), Neve R(3), Shen L(1), Nestler EJ(1).

Author information: 
(1)Fishberg Department of Neuroscience and Friedman Brain Institute, Icahn School
of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, New York 10029, USA. (2)Department of
Psychiatry, University of Texas Southwestern, Dallas, Texas 75390, USA.
(3)Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 2014 Dec 4;516(7529):45-6.

β-catenin is a multi-functional protein that has an important role in the mature 
central nervous system; its dysfunction has been implicated in several
neuropsychiatric disorders, including depression. Here we show that in mice
β-catenin mediates pro-resilient and anxiolytic effects in the nucleus accumbens,
a key brain reward region, an effect mediated by D2-type medium spiny neurons.
Using genome-wide β-catenin enrichment mapping, we identify Dicer1-important in
small RNA (for example, microRNA) biogenesis--as a β-catenin target gene that
mediates resilience. Small RNA profiling after excising β-catenin from nucleus
accumbens in the context of chronic stress reveals β-catenin-dependent microRNA
regulation associated with resilience. Together, these findings establish
β-catenin as a critical regulator in the development of behavioural resilience,
activating a network that includes Dicer1 and downstream microRNAs. We thus
present a foundation for the development of novel therapeutic targets to promote 
stress resilience.

DOI: 10.1038/nature13976 
PMCID: PMC4257892
PMID: 25383518  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


43. Nature. 2015 Oct 8;526(7572):S14-5. doi: 10.1038/526S14a.

Mental health: Monsters in the mirror.

Dolgin E.

DOI: 10.1038/526S14a 
PMID: 26444369  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


44. Nature. 2009 Feb 19;457(7232):1015-8. doi: 10.1038/nature07604. Epub 2009 Jan 14.

Synaptic depression enables neuronal gain control.

Rothman JS(1), Cathala L, Steuber V, Silver RA.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neuroscience, Physiology and Pharmacology, University College
London, Gower Street, London WC1E 6BT, UK.

To act as computational devices, neurons must perform mathematical operations as 
they transform synaptic and modulatory input into output firing rate. Experiments
and theory indicate that neuronal firing typically represents the sum of synaptic
inputs, an additive operation, but multiplication of inputs is essential for many
computations. Multiplication by a constant produces a change in the slope, or
gain, of the input-output relationship, amplifying or scaling down the
sensitivity of the neuron to changes in its input. Such gain modulation occurs in
vivo, during contrast invariance of orientation tuning, attentional scaling,
translation-invariant object recognition, auditory processing and coordinate
transformations. Moreover, theoretical studies highlight the necessity of gain
modulation in several of these tasks. Although potential cellular mechanisms for 
gain modulation have been identified, they often rely on membrane noise and
require restrictive conditions to work. Because nonlinear components are used to 
scale signals in electronics, we examined whether synaptic nonlinearities are
involved in neuronal gain modulation. We used synaptic stimulation and the
dynamic-clamp technique to investigate gain modulation in granule cells in acute 
slices of rat cerebellum. Here we show that when excitation is mediated by
synapses with short-term depression (STD), neuronal gain is controlled by an
inhibitory conductance in a noise-independent manner, allowing driving and
modulatory inputs to be multiplied together. The nonlinearity introduced by STD
transforms inhibition-mediated additive shifts in the input-output relationship
into multiplicative gain changes. When granule cells were driven with bursts of
high-frequency mossy fibre input, as observed in vivo, larger inhibition-mediated
gain changes were observed, as expected with greater STD. Simulations of synaptic
integration in more complex neocortical neurons suggest that STD-based gain
modulation can also operate in neurons with large dendritic trees. Our results
establish that neurons receiving depressing excitatory inputs can act as powerful
multiplicative devices even when integration of postsynaptic conductances is
linear.

DOI: 10.1038/nature07604 
PMCID: PMC2689940
PMID: 19145233  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


45. Nature. 2012 Nov 22;491(7425):594-8. doi: 10.1038/nature11673. Epub 2012 Nov 14.

Aberrant light directly impairs mood and learning through melanopsin-expressing
neurons.

LeGates TA(1), Altimus CM, Wang H, Lee HK, Yang S, Zhao H, Kirkwood A, Weber ET, 
Hattar S.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biology, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland 21218,
USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 2012 Nov 22;491(7425):537-8.
    Nat Rev Neurosci. 2013 Jan;14(1):2-3.

The daily solar cycle allows organisms to synchronize their circadian rhythms and
sleep-wake cycles to the correct temporal niche. Changes in day-length,
shift-work, and transmeridian travel lead to mood alterations and cognitive
function deficits. Sleep deprivation and circadian disruption underlie mood and
cognitive disorders associated with irregular light schedules. Whether irregular 
light schedules directly affect mood and cognitive functions in the context of
normal sleep and circadian rhythms remains unclear. Here we show, using an
aberrant light cycle that neither changes the amount and architecture of sleep
nor causes changes in the circadian timing system, that light directly regulates 
mood-related behaviours and cognitive functions in mice. Animals exposed to the
aberrant light cycle maintain daily corticosterone rhythms, but the overall
levels of corticosterone are increased. Despite normal circadian and sleep
structures, these animals show increased depression-like behaviours and impaired 
hippocampal long-term potentiation and learning. Administration of the
antidepressant drugs fluoxetine or desipramine restores learning in mice exposed 
to the aberrant light cycle, suggesting that the mood deficit precedes the
learning impairments. To determine the retinal circuits underlying this
impairment of mood and learning, we examined the behavioural consequences of this
light cycle in animals that lack intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion
cells. In these animals, the aberrant light cycle does not impair mood and
learning, despite the presence of the conventional retinal ganglion cells and the
ability of these animals to detect light for image formation. These findings
demonstrate the ability of light to influence cognitive and mood functions
directly through intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells.

DOI: 10.1038/nature11673 
PMCID: PMC3549331
PMID: 23151476  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


46. Nature. 2013 May 23;497(7450):S14-5. doi: 10.1038/497S14a.

Mood disorders: the dark night.

DeWeerdt S.

DOI: 10.1038/497S14a 
PMID: 23698502  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


47. Nature. 2013 Jan 17;493(7432):290-3. doi: 10.1038/493290a.

Fukushima: Fallout of fear.

Brumfiel G.

DOI: 10.1038/493290a 
PMID: 23325191  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


48. Nature. 2016 May 19;533(7603):S104-6. doi: 10.1038/533S104a.

Microbiome: Bacterial broadband.

Eisenstein M.

DOI: 10.1038/533S104a 
PMID: 27191486  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


49. Nature. 2014 Jul 17;511(7509):287-9. doi: 10.1038/511287a.

Psychological treatments: A call for mental-health science.

Holmes EA(1), Craske MG(2), Graybiel AM(3).

Author information: 
(1)Medical Research Council Cognition & Brain Sciences Unit, Cambridge, UK, and
in the Department for Clinical Neuroscience, Karolinska Institute, Stockholm,
Sweden. (2)Department of Psychology and Department of Psychiatry and
Biobehavioral Sciences, University of California, Los Angeles, USA. (3)Department
of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, McGovern Institute for Brain Research,
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 2014 Sep 11;513(7517):172.

DOI: 10.1038/511287a 
PMID: 25030152  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


50. Nature. 2015 Dec 3;528(7580):19. doi: 10.1038/nature.2015.18870.

Brain study seeks roots of suicide.

Reardon S.

DOI: 10.1038/nature.2015.18870 
PMID: 26632568  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


51. Nature. 1963 Aug 17;199:667-9.

DIURNAL RHYTHMS OF ELECTROLYTE EXCRETION IN DEPRESSIVE ILLNESS.

LOBBAN M, TREDRE B, ELITHORN A, BRIDGES P.


PMID: 14077460  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


52. Nature. 2015 Aug 27;524(7566):395-6. doi: 10.1038/524395a.

Hurricane Katrina's psychological scars revealed.

Reardon S.

DOI: 10.1038/524395a 
PMID: 26310743  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


53. Nature. 2015 Jan 8;517(7533):121. doi: 10.1038/517121a.

Reasons to be cheerful.

[No authors listed]

DOI: 10.1038/517121a 
PMID: 25567246  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


54. Nature. 2014 Nov 13;515(7526):165. doi: 10.1038/515165a.

Help luck along to find psychiatric medicines.

Nutt D.

DOI: 10.1038/515165a 
PMID: 25391924  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


55. Nature. 2010 Aug 12;466(7308):864-8. doi: 10.1038/nature09282.

Amygdalar and hippocampal substrates of anxious temperament differ in their
heritability.

Oler JA(1), Fox AS, Shelton SE, Rogers J, Dyer TD, Davidson RJ, Shelledy W, Oakes
TR, Blangero J, Kalin NH.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, Wisconsin 
53719, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 2010 Aug 12;466(7308):827-8.

Anxious temperament (AT) in human and non-human primates is a trait-like
phenotype evident early in life that is characterized by increased behavioural
and physiological reactivity to mildly threatening stimuli. Studies in children
demonstrate that AT is an important risk factor for the later development of
anxiety disorders, depression and comorbid substance abuse. Despite its
importance as an early predictor of psychopathology, little is known about the
factors that predispose vulnerable children to develop AT and the brain systems
that underlie its expression. To characterize the neural circuitry associated
with AT and the extent to which the function of this circuit is heritable, we
studied a large sample of rhesus monkeys phenotyped for AT. Using 238 young
monkeys from a multigenerational single-family pedigree, we simultaneously
assessed brain metabolic activity and AT while monkeys were exposed to the
relevant ethological condition that elicits the phenotype. High-resolution
(18)F-labelled deoxyglucose positron-emission tomography (FDG-PET) was selected
as the imaging modality because it provides semi-quantitative indices of absolute
glucose metabolic rate, allows for simultaneous measurement of behaviour and
brain activity, and has a time course suited for assessing temperament-associated
sustained brain responses. Here we demonstrate that the central nucleus region of
the amygdala and the anterior hippocampus are key components of the neural
circuit predictive of AT. We also show significant heritability of the AT
phenotype by using quantitative genetic analysis. Additionally, using voxelwise
analyses, we reveal significant heritability of metabolic activity in
AT-associated hippocampal regions. However, activity in the amygdala region
predictive of AT is not significantly heritable. Furthermore, the heritabilities 
of the hippocampal and amygdala regions significantly differ from each other.
Even though these structures are closely linked, the results suggest differential
influences of genes and environment on how these brain regions mediate AT and the
ongoing risk of developing anxiety and depression.

DOI: 10.1038/nature09282 
PMCID: PMC2998538
PMID: 20703306  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


56. Nature. 2013 Jan 31;493(7434):S16-7. doi: 10.1038/493S16a.

Psychology: Mind over myocardium.

Neelakantan S.

DOI: 10.1038/493S16a 
PMID: 23364767  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


57. Nature. 2014 May 22;509(7501):421-3.

Mental health: A road map for suicide research and prevention.

Aleman A, Denys D.


PMID: 24860882  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


58. Nature. 2012 Oct 11;490(7419):299-301.

Mental health: Under a cloud.

Gewin V.


PMID: 23066544  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


59. Nature. 2014 Apr 17;508(7496):296-7. doi: 10.1038/508296a.

Sperm RNA carries marks of trauma.

Hughes V.

DOI: 10.1038/508296a 
PMID: 24740043  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


60. Nature. 1987 Feb 26-Mar 4;325(6107):805-6.

Molecular genetic evidence for heterogeneity in manic depression.

Hodgkinson S, Sherrington R, Gurling H, Marchbanks R, Reeders S, Mallet J,
McInnis M, Petursson H, Brynjolfsson J.

Manic depression is a severe cyclic mental illness that can be unipolar or
bipolar and has a lifetime risk of approximately 7 per 1,000 in most populations.
Families with multiple cases of manic depression have been described that are
compatible with both autosomal dominant and X-linked modes of genetic
transmission. Psychoactive antidepressant and stimulant drugs that help to
ameliorate depression and mania are thought to act by affecting catecholamine
neurotransmitter systems such as adrenaline, noradrenaline and dopamine, amongst 
others. Mutations affecting the tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) gene, which encodes the
rate-limiting enzyme for the synthesis of these three neurotransmitters, might
therefore be responsible for causing the manic depressive phenotype. We have
studied three Icelandic kindreds amongst whom it appears that a single autosomal 
dominant disease allele is segregating. In these families there were 44 cases
amongst 73 individuals at risk. Genetic linkage studies were carried out using
clones encoding tyrosine hydroxylase the variable portion of the Harvey-ras-1
(HRAS1) locus and the variable region of the insulin gene (INS). All three
markers are closely linked on chromosome 11 and were used to observe the
segregation of restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs) in the three
affected kindreds. We found no evidence for linkage to these markers in any of
the three families. In contrast, Gerhard et al. found linkage between manic
depression and HRAS1 in a single large Amish kindred. We conclude that there is
genetic heterogeneity of linkage in manic depression. Therefore mutations at
different loci are responsible for the manic depressive phenotype in the Amish
and in Iceland.

DOI: 10.1038/325805a0 
PMID: 2881210  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


61. Nature. 2013 May 30;497(7451):550-2. doi: 10.1038/497550a.

Neuroscience: Method man.

Smith K.

DOI: 10.1038/497550a 
PMID: 23719444  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


62. Nature. 2000 Feb 24;403(6772):826.

ECT has proved effective in treating depression...

Fink M.

Comment on
    Nature. 2000 Jan 20;403(6767):242.

DOI: 10.1038/35002776 
PMID: 10706257  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


63. Nature. 2012 Dec 20;492(7429):S64-5. doi: 10.1038/492S64a.

Q&A: Under their skin. Interview by Rebecca Kessler.

Griffiths C.

DOI: 10.1038/492S64a 
PMID: 23254977  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


64. Nature. 1960 Apr 9;186:114-20.

Treatment of depression by drugs and other means.

REES L.


PMID: 14436904  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


65. Nature. 1964 Nov 14;204:695-6.

EFFECT OF METHYLAMPHETAMINE ON THE PSYCHOMOTOR DEPRESSION PRODUCED BY ADRENALINE 
IN MICE.

FISCHER E, LUDMER RL, KRUGLIKOFF SR.


PMID: 14236301  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


66. Nature. 1959 Feb 14;183(4659):466-7.

Depression in percentage of milk fat by parenteral glucose infusion and glycerol 
feeding.

VALLANCE WS, McCLYMONT GL.


PMID: 13632757  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


67. Nature. 1956 Aug 18;178(4529):365.

Hormonal depression due to treatment of animals with chlorpromazine.

SULMAN FG, WINNIK HZ.


PMID: 13358746  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


68. Nature. 1955 Jun 4;175(4466):998.

Depression in brain potassium in ovine pregnancy toxaemia.

SETCHELL BP, McCLYMONT GL.


PMID: 14394087  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


69. Nature. 1960 Nov 5;188:501-2.

Presynaptic nature of neuromuscular depression in the frog.

OTSUKA M, ENDO M.


PMID: 13731611  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


70. Nature. 1958 Aug 2;182(4631):324.

Self-depression of the subcutaneous absorption of drugs due to release of
histamine.

SCHOU J.


PMID: 13577833  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


71. Nature. 2011 Jun 15;474(7351):277-8. doi: 10.1038/474277a.

Democratizing clinical research.

Lloyd K(1), White J.

Author information: 
(1)College of Medicine, Swansea University, Swansea SA2 8PP, UK.
k.r.lloyd@swansea.ac.uk

Comment in
    Nature. 2012 Jul 26;487(7408):432.

DOI: 10.1038/474277a 
PMID: 21677725  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


72. Nature. 2011 Apr 14;472(7342):156-8. doi: 10.1038/472156a.

Neuroscience: Brain buzz.

Fox D.

DOI: 10.1038/472156a 
PMID: 21490649  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


73. Nature. 2003 Apr 3;422(6931):518-22.

Conservation of total synaptic weight through balanced synaptic depression and
potentiation.

Royer S(1), Paré D.

Author information: 
(1)Center for Molecular & Behavioral Neuroscience, Rutgers State University, 197 
University Avenue, Newark, New Jersey 07102, USA.

Memory is believed to depend on activity-dependent changes in the strength of
synapses. In part, this view is based on evidence that the efficacy of synapses
can be enhanced or depressed depending on the timing of pre- and postsynaptic
activity. However, when such plastic synapses are incorporated into neural
network models, stability problems may develop because the potentiation or
depression of synapses increases the likelihood that they will be further
strengthened or weakened. Here we report biological evidence for a homeostatic
mechanism that reconciles the apparently opposite requirements of plasticity and 
stability. We show that, in intercalated neurons of the amygdala,
activity-dependent potentiation or depression of particular glutamatergic inputs 
leads to opposite changes in the strength of inputs ending at other dendritic
sites. As a result, little change in total synaptic weight occurs, even though
the relative strength of inputs is modified. Furthermore, hetero- but not
homosynaptic alterations are blocked by intracellular dialysis of drugs that
prevent Ca2+ release from intracellular stores. Thus, in intercalated neurons at 
least, inverse heterosynaptic plasticity tends to compensate for homosynaptic
long-term potentiation and depression, thus stabilizing total synaptic weight.

DOI: 10.1038/nature01530 
PMID: 12673250  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


74. Nature. 2015 Nov 19;527(7578):S198-206. doi: 10.1038/nature16036.

Regional research priorities in brain and nervous system disorders.

Ravindranath V(1), Dang HM(2), Goya RG(3), Mansour H(4,)(5), Nimgaonkar VL(6),
Russell VA(7), Xin Y(8).

Author information: 
(1)Centre for Neuroscience, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore 560012, India.
(2)Vietnam National University, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam. (3)Institute for
Biochemical Research and School of Medicine, National University of La Plata,
CC455, La Plata, 1900, Argentina. (4)Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic,
University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15213, USA.
(5)Department of Psychiatry, Mansoura University School of Medicine, Mansoura
City, 35516, Egypt. (6)Department of Psychiatry and Human Genetics, University of
Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15213, USA. (7)Department of Human Biology, 
Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Cape Town, Observatory 7925, South
Africa. (8)Institute of Mental Health, Peking University, Beijing 100191, China.

The characteristics of neurological, psychiatric, developmental and substance-use
disorders in low- and middle-income countries are unique and the burden that they
have will be different from country to country. Many of the differences are
explained by the wide variation in population demographics and size, poverty,
conflict, culture, land area and quality, and genetics. Neurological,
psychiatric, developmental and substance-use disorders that result from, or are
worsened by, a lack of adequate nutrition and infectious disease still afflict
much of sub-Saharan Africa, although disorders related to increasing longevity,
such as stroke, are on the rise. In the Middle East and North Africa, major
depressive disorders and post-traumatic stress disorder are a primary concern
because of the conflict-ridden environment. Consanguinity is a serious concern
that leads to the high prevalence of recessive disorders in the Middle East and
North Africa and possibly other regions. The burden of these disorders in Latin
American and Asian countries largely surrounds stroke and vascular disease,
dementia and lifestyle factors that are influenced by genetics. Although much
knowledge has been gained over the past 10 years, the epidemiology of the
conditions in low- and middle-income countries still needs more research.
Prevention and treatments could be better informed with more longitudinal studies
of risk factors. Challenges and opportunities for ameliorating nervous-system
disorders can benefit from both local and regional research collaborations. The
lack of resources and infrastructure for health-care and related research, both
in terms of personnel and equipment, along with the stigma associated with the
physical or behavioural manifestations of some disorders have hampered progress
in understanding the disease burden and improving brain health. Individual
countries, and regions within countries, have specific needs in terms of research
priorities.

DOI: 10.1038/nature16036 
PMID: 26580328  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


75. Nature. 2011 Jan 6;469(7328):7. doi: 10.1038/469007a.

Legal highs: the dark side of medicinal chemistry.

Nichols D(1).

Author information: 
(1)Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana, USA. drdave@purdue.edu

DOI: 10.1038/469007a 
PMID: 21209630  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


76. Nature. 2003 Jan 2;421(6918):66-70.

Synaptic depression in the localization of sound.

Cook DL(1), Schwindt PC, Grande LA, Spain WJ.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Physiology and Biophysics, University of Washington, Seattle,
Washington 98105, USA.

Erratum in
    Nature. May 8;423(6936):197.

Comment in
    Nature. 2003 Jan 2;421(6918):29-30.

Short-term synaptic plasticity, which is common in the central nervous system,
may contribute to the signal processing functions of both temporal integration
and coincidence detection. For temporal integrators, whose output firng rate
depends on a running average of recent synaptic inputs, plasticity modulates
input synaptic strength and thus may directly control signalling gain and the
function of neural networks. But the firing probability of an ideal coincidence
detector would depend on the temporal coincidence of events rather than on the
average frequency of synaptic events. Here we have examined a specific case of
how synaptic plasticity can affect temporal coincidence detection, by
experimentally characterizing synaptic depression at the synapse between neurons 
in the nucleus magnocellularis and coincidence detection neurons in the nucleus
laminaris in the chick auditory brainstem. We combine an empirical description of
this depression with a biophysical model of signalling in the nucleus laminaris. 
The resulting model predicts that synaptic depression provides an adaptive
mechanism for preserving interaural time-delay information (a proxy for the
location of sound in space) despite the confounding effects of
sound-intensity-related information. This mechanism may help nucleus laminaris
neurons to pass specific sound localization information to higher processing
centres.

DOI: 10.1038/nature01248 
PMID: 12511955  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


77. Nature. 1997 Apr 24;386(6627):824-7.

Subgenual prefrontal cortex abnormalities in mood disorders.

Drevets WC(1), Price JL, Simpson JR Jr, Todd RD, Reich T, Vannier M, Raichle ME.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry, Mallinckrodt Institute of Radiology, Washington
University School of Medicine, St Louis, Missouri 63110, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 1997 Apr 24;386(6627):769-70.

Pathological disturbances of mood may follow a 'bipolar' course, in which normal 
moods alternate with both depression and mania, or a 'unipolar' course, in which 
only depression occurs. Both bipolar and unipolar disorders can be heritable
illnesses associated with neurochemical, neuroendocrine and autonomic
abnormalities. The neurobiological basis for these abnormalities has not been
established. Using positron emission tomographic (PET) images of cerebral blood
flow and rate of glucose metabolism to measure brain activity, we have now
localized an area of abnormally decreased activity in the prefrontal cortex
ventral to the genu of the corpus callosum in both familial bipolar depressives
and familial unipolar depressives. This decrement in activity was at least partly
explained by a corresponding reduction in cortical volume, as magnetic resonance 
imaging (MRI) demonstrated reductions in the mean grey matter volume in the same 
area of 39 and 48% in the bipolar and unipolar samples, respectively. This region
has previously been implicated in the mediation of emotional and autonomic
responses to socially significant or provocative stimuli, and in the modulation
of the neurotransmitter systems targeted by antidepressant drugs.

DOI: 10.1038/386824a0 
PMID: 9126739  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


78. Nature. 2008 Oct 23;455(7216):1057-60. doi: 10.1038/4551057a.

The mental wealth of nations.

Beddington J(1), Cooper CL, Field J, Goswami U, Huppert FA, Jenkins R, Jones HS, 
Kirkwood TB, Sahakian BJ, Thomas SM.

Author information: 
(1)Government Office for Science, London.

Countries must learn how to capitalize on their citizens' cognitive resources if 
they are to prosper, both economically and socially. Early interventions will be 
key.

DOI: 10.1038/4551057a 
PMID: 18948946  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


79. Nature. 1999 Jan 28;397(6717):347-50.

Monocular deprivation induces homosynaptic long-term depression in visual cortex.

Rittenhouse CD(1), Shouval HZ, Paradiso MA, Bear MF.

Author information: 
(1)Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Department of Neuroscience, Brown
University, Providence, Rhode Island 02912, USA.

Brief monocular deprivation during early postnatal development can lead to a
depression of synaptic transmission that renders visual cortical neurons
unresponsive to subsequent visual stimulation through the deprived eye. The
Bienenstock-Cooper-Munro (BCM) theory proposes that homosynaptic mechanisms of
long-term depression (LTD) account for the deprivation effects. Homosynaptic
depression, by definition, occurs only at active synapses. Thus, in contrast to
the commonly held view that the synaptic depression caused by monocular
deprivation is simply a result of retinal inactivity, this theoretical framework 
indicates that the synaptic depression may actually be driven by the residual
activity in the visually deprived retina. Here we examine the validity of this
idea by comparing the consequences of brief monocular deprivation by lid suture
with those of monocular inactivation by intra-ocular treatment with tetrodotoxin.
Lid suture leaves the retina spontaneously active, whereas tetrodotoxin
eliminates all activity. In agreement with the BCM theory, our results show that 
monocular lid suture causes a significantly greater depression of deprived-eye
responses in kitten visual cortex than does treatment with tetrodotoxin. These
findings have important implications for mechanisms of experience-dependent
plasticity in the neocortex.

DOI: 10.1038/16922 
PMID: 9950426  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


80. Nature. 2008 Apr 24;452(7190):934. doi: 10.1038/452934a.

Media right to report small value of antidepressants.

Amaral OB.

Comment on
    Nature. 2008 Mar 6;452(7183):1.

DOI: 10.1038/452934a 
PMID: 18432224  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


81. Nature. 2005 Jul 7;436(7047):18-9.

Neuroscience: deep in thought.

Abbott A.

DOI: 10.1038/436018a 
PMID: 16001033  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


82. Nature. 2006 Jan 19;439(7074):254.

Stress makes medics ever gloomier.

Pearson H.

DOI: 10.1038/439254a 
PMID: 16421536  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


83. Nature. 1979 Jan 4;277(5691):28-32.

Pc 1 Duarte, a common polymorphism of a human brain protein, and its relationship
to depressive disease and multiple sclerosis.

Comings DE.

Pc 1 Duarte, a common variant of a human brain-specific protein, is present in
one-third of the control population and has a gene frequency of 0.17. There was a
significantly increased frequency of mutant heterozygotes and homozygotes among
individuals with depressive disease. This is consistent with a model in which Pc 
1 Duarte is the major gene in depressive disease, acting in conjunction with an
environmental threshold effect.


PMID: 552595  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


84. Nature. 2004 Sep 9;431(7005):122-4.

Antidepressants: bitter pills.

Check E.

DOI: 10.1038/431122a 
PMID: 15356601  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


85. Nature. 1998 Apr 30;392(6679):853.

Banned drug 'still used until this month'.

Wadman M.

DOI: 10.1038/31774 
PMID: 9582061  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


86. Nature. 2003 Jan 2;421(6918):29-30.

Neurobiology: The importance of depression.

Stevens CF.

Comment on
    Nature. 2003 Jan 2;421(6918):66-70.

DOI: 10.1038/421029a 
PMID: 12511938  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


87. Nature. 2004 Jun 17;429(6993):696-8.

Mental health: Asia's tigers get the blues.

Dennis C.

Comment in
    Nature. 2004 Aug 5;430(7000):611.

DOI: 10.1038/429696a 
PMID: 15201883  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


88. Nature. 1997 Apr 24;386(6627):769-70.

Neuropsychology. Towards a neuropathology of emotion and mood.

Damasio AR.

Comment on
    Nature. 1997 Apr 24;386(6627):824-7.

DOI: 10.1038/386769a0 
PMID: 9126732  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


89. Nature. 2004 Sep 9;431(7005):111.

Helping depressed children.

[No authors listed]

DOI: 10.1038/431111b 
PMID: 15356589  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


90. Nature. 2004 Jul 22;430(6998):401-2.

A question of balance.

Ramchandani P(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry, University of Oxford, Oxford OX3 7JX, UK.

DOI: 10.1038/430401a 
PMID: 15269742  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


91. Nature. 2014 Jun 26;510(7506):529-32. doi: 10.1038/nature13282. Epub 2014 May 11.

Purkinje-cell plasticity and cerebellar motor learning are graded by
complex-spike duration.

Yang Y(1), Lisberger SG(2).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurobiology, Duke University, Durham, North Carolina 27710,
USA. (2)1] Department of Neurobiology, Duke University, Durham, North Carolina
27710, USA [2] Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Duke University, Durham, North
Carolina 27710, USA.

Behavioural learning is mediated by cellular plasticity, such as changes in the
strength of synapses at specific sites in neural circuits. The theory of
cerebellar motor learning relies on movement errors signalled by climbing-fibre
inputs to cause long-term depression of synapses from parallel fibres to Purkinje
cells. However, a recent review has called into question the widely held view
that the climbing-fibre input is an 'all-or-none' event. In anaesthetized
animals, there is wide variation in the duration of the complex spike (CS) caused
in Purkinje cells by a climbing-fibre input. Furthermore, the amount of
plasticity in Purkinje cells is graded according to the duration of electrically 
controlled bursts in climbing fibres. The duration of bursts depends on the
'state' of the inferior olive and therefore may be correlated across climbing
fibres. Here we provide a potential functional context for these mechanisms
during motor learning in behaving monkeys. The magnitudes of both plasticity and 
motor learning depend on the duration of the CS responses. Furthermore, the
duration of CS responses seems to be a meaningful signal that is correlated
across the Purkinje-cell population during motor learning. We suggest that during
learning, longer bursts in climbing fibres lead to longer-duration CS responses
in Purkinje cells, more calcium entry into Purkinje cells, larger synaptic
depression, and stronger learning. The same graded impact of instructive signals 
for plasticity and learning might occur throughout the nervous system.

DOI: 10.1038/nature13282 
PMCID: PMC4132823
PMID: 24814344  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


92. Nature. 1987 Sep 3-9;329(6134):18-9.

Seasonal depression: ironies of animal modelling.

Hallonquist JD, Mrosovsky N.

DOI: 10.1038/329018a0 
PMID: 3627233  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


93. Nature. 2005 Nov 10;438(7065):151-2.

Psychiatric disease: all in the mind of a mouse.

Dennis C.

DOI: 10.1038/438151a 
PMID: 16281003  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


94. Nature. 2004 Apr 15;428(6984):682.

Trial analysis questions use of antidepressants in children.

Check E.

DOI: 10.1038/428682b 
PMID: 15085096  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


95. Nature. 2005 Oct 13;437(7061):942-3.

Drug discovery: playing dirty.

Frantz S.

DOI: 10.1038/437942a 
PMID: 16222266  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


96. Nature. 2016 Sep 8;537(7619):185-190. doi: 10.1038/nature19112. Epub 2016 Aug 17.

Structure-based discovery of opioid analgesics with reduced side effects.

Manglik A(1), Lin H(2), Aryal DK(3), McCorvy JD(3), Dengler D(4), Corder G(5),
Levit A(2), Kling RC(4,)(6), Bernat V(4), Hübner H(4), Huang XP(3), Sassano
MF(3), Giguère PM(3), Löber S(4), Da Duan(2), Scherrer G(1,)(5), Kobilka BK(1),
Gmeiner P(4), Roth BL(3), Shoichet BK(2).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology, Stanford University School of
Medicine, Stanford, California 94305, USA. (2)Department of Pharmaceutical
Chemistry, University of California, San Francisco, California 94158, USA.
(3)Department of Pharmacology, UNC Chapel Hill Medical School, Chapel Hill, North
Carolina 27514, USA. (4)Department of Chemistry and Pharmacy,
Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg, Schuhstraße 19, 91052
Erlangen, Germany. (5)Department of Anesthesiology, Perioperative and Pain
Medicine, Neurosurgery, Stanford Neurosciences Institute, Stanford University
School of Medicine, Stanford, California 94305, USA. (6)Institut für Physiologie 
und Pathophysiologie, Paracelsus Medical University, 90419 Nuremberg, Germany.

Morphine is an alkaloid from the opium poppy used to treat pain. The potentially 
lethal side effects of morphine and related opioids-which include fatal
respiratory depression-are thought to be mediated by μ-opioid-receptor (μOR)
signalling through the β-arrestin pathway or by actions at other receptors.
Conversely, G-protein μOR signalling is thought to confer analgesia. Here we
computationally dock over 3 million molecules against the μOR structure and
identify new scaffolds unrelated to known opioids. Structure-based optimization
yields PZM21-a potent Gi activator with exceptional selectivity for μOR and
minimal β-arrestin-2 recruitment. Unlike morphine, PZM21 is more efficacious for 
the affective component of analgesia versus the reflexive component and is devoid
of both respiratory depression and morphine-like reinforcing activity in mice at 
equi-analgesic doses. PZM21 thus serves as both a probe to disentangle μOR
signalling and a therapeutic lead that is devoid of many of the side effects of
current opioids.

DOI: 10.1038/nature19112 
PMCID: PMC5161585 [Available on 2017-03-08]
PMID: 27533032  [PubMed - in process]


97. Nature. 1999 Oct 7;401(6753):594-8.

Polyamine-dependent facilitation of postsynaptic AMPA receptors counteracts
paired-pulse depression.

Rozov A(1), Burnashev N.

Author information: 
(1)Max-Planck-Institut für medizinische Forschung, Abteilung
Zellphysiologie/Molekulare Neurobiologie, Heidelberg, Germany.

At many glutamatergic synapses in the brain, calcium-permeable alpha - amino - 3 
- hydro - 5 - methyl - 4 - isoxazolepropionate receptor (AMPAR) channels mediate 
fast excitatory transmission. These channels are blocked by endogenous
intracellular polyamines, which are found in virtually every type of cell. In
excised patches, use-dependent relief of polyamine block enhances
glutamate-evoked currents through recombinant and native calcium-permeable,
polyamine-sensitive AMPAR channels. The contribution of polyamine unblock to
synaptic currents during high-frequency stimulation may be to facilitate currents
and maintain current amplitudes in the face of a slow recovery from
desensitization or presynaptic depression. Here we show, on pairs and triples of 
synaptically connected neurons in slices, that this mechanism contributes to
short-term plasticity in local circuits formed by presynaptic pyramidal neurons
and postsynaptic multipolar interneurons in layer 2/3 of rat neocortex.
Activity-dependent relief from polyamine block of postsynaptic calcium-permeable 
AMPARs in the interneurons either reduces the rate of paired-pulse depression in 
a frequency-dependent manner or, at a given stimulation frequency, induces
facilitation of a synaptic response that would otherwise depress. This mechanism 
for the enhancement of synaptic gain appears to be entirely postsynaptic.

DOI: 10.1038/44151 
PMID: 10524627  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


98. Nature. 1997 Jul 31;388(6641):439-48.

Propagation of activity-dependent synaptic depression in simple neural networks.

Fitzsimonds RM(1), Song HJ, Poo MM.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biology, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla
92093-0357, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 1997 Jul 31;388(6641):427-8.

Triple whole-cell recordings from simple networks of cultured hippocampal neurons
show that Induction of long-term depression at glutamatergic synapses is
accompanied by a back propagation of depression to Input synapses on the dendrite
of the presynaptic neuron. The depression also propagates laterally to divergent 
outputs of the presynaptic neuron and to convergent inputs on the postsynaptic
neuron. There is no forward propagation of depression to the output of the
postsynaptic neuron and no presynaptic propagation accompanying long-term
depression at GABAergic synapses. Activity-induced synaptic modification is
therefore not restricted to the activated synapse, but selectively propagates
throughout the neural network.

DOI: 10.1038/41267 
PMID: 9242402  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


99. Nature. 2003 Jun 19;423(6942):792.

British panel bans use of antidepressant to treat children.

Abbott A.

DOI: 10.1038/423792a 
PMID: 12815392  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


100. Nature. 2004 Jul 29;430(6999):500-2.

When two tribes go to war.

Dalton R.

DOI: 10.1038/430500a 
PMID: 15282577  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


101. Nature. 2004 Jun 10;429(6992):589.

Spitzer sues drug giant for deceiving doctors.

Wadman M.

DOI: 10.1038/429589a 
PMID: 15190317  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


102. Nature. 2014 Jul 17;511(7509):348-52. doi: 10.1038/nature13294. Epub 2014 Jun 1.

Engineering a memory with LTD and LTP.

Nabavi S(1), Fox R(1), Proulx CD(2), Lin JY(3), Tsien RY(4), Malinow R(2).

Author information: 
(1)1] Center for Neural Circuits and Behavior, Department of Neuroscience and
Section of Neurobiology, University of California at San Diego, California 92093,
USA [2]. (2)Center for Neural Circuits and Behavior, Department of Neuroscience
and Section of Neurobiology, University of California at San Diego, California
92093, USA. (3)Department of Pharmacology, University of California at San Diego,
California 92093, USA. (4)1] Department of Pharmacology, University of California
at San Diego, California 92093, USA [2] Howard Hughes Medical Institute,
University of California at San Diego, California 92093, USA.

It has been proposed that memories are encoded by modification of synaptic
strengths through cellular mechanisms such as long-term potentiation (LTP) and
long-term depression (LTD). However, the causal link between these synaptic
processes and memory has been difficult to demonstrate. Here we show that fear
conditioning, a type of associative memory, can be inactivated and reactivated by
LTD and LTP, respectively. We began by conditioning an animal to associate a foot
shock with optogenetic stimulation of auditory inputs targeting the amygdala, a
brain region known to be essential for fear conditioning. Subsequent optogenetic 
delivery of LTD conditioning to the auditory input inactivates memory of the
shock. Then subsequent optogenetic delivery of LTP conditioning to the auditory
input reactivates memory of the shock. Thus, we have engineered inactivation and 
reactivation of a memory using LTD and LTP, supporting a causal link between
these synaptic processes and memory.

DOI: 10.1038/nature13294 
PMCID: PMC4210354
PMID: 24896183  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


103. Nature. 2017 Feb 2;542(7639):86-90. doi: 10.1038/nature21048. Epub 2017 Jan 11.

Age, extent and carbon storage of the central Congo Basin peatland complex.

Dargie GC(1,)(2), Lewis SL(1,)(2), Lawson IT(3), Mitchard ET(4), Page SE(5),
Bocko YE(6), Ifo SA(6).

Author information: 
(1)School of Geography, University of Leeds, Leeds LS2 9JT, UK. (2)Department of 
Geography, University College London, London WC1E 6BT, UK. (3)Department of
Geography and Sustainable Development, University of St Andrews, St Andrews KY16 
9AL, UK. (4)School of GeoSciences, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3FF,
UK. (5)Department of Geography, University of Leicester, Leicester LE1 7RH, UK.
(6)Faculté des Sciences et Techniques, Université Marien Ngouabi, Brazzaville,
Republic of the Congo.

Peatlands are carbon-rich ecosystems that cover just three per cent of Earth's
land surface, but store one-third of soil carbon. Peat soils are formed by the
build-up of partially decomposed organic matter under waterlogged anoxic
conditions. Most peat is found in cool climatic regions where unimpeded
decomposition is slower, but deposits are also found under some tropical swamp
forests. Here we present field measurements from one of the world's most
extensive regions of swamp forest, the Cuvette Centrale depression in the central
Congo Basin. We find extensive peat deposits beneath the swamp forest vegetation 
(peat defined as material with an organic matter content of at least 65 per cent 
to a depth of at least 0.3 metres). Radiocarbon dates indicate that peat began
accumulating from about 10,600 years ago, coincident with the onset of more humid
conditions in central Africa at the beginning of the Holocene. The peatlands
occupy large interfluvial basins, and seem to be largely rain-fed and
ombrotrophic-like (of low nutrient status) systems. Although the peat layer is
relatively shallow (with a maximum depth of 5.9 metres and a median depth of
2.0 metres), by combining in situ and remotely sensed data, we estimate the area 
of peat to be approximately 145,500 square kilometres (95 per cent confidence
interval of 131,900-156,400 square kilometres), making the Cuvette Centrale the
most extensive peatland complex in the tropics. This area is more than five times
the maximum possible area reported for the Congo Basin in a recent synthesis of
pantropical peat extent. We estimate that the peatlands store approximately 30.6 
petagrams (30.6 × 10(15) grams) of carbon belowground (95 per cent confidence
interval of 6.3-46.8 petagrams of carbon)-a quantity that is similar to the
above-ground carbon stocks of the tropical forests of the entire Congo Basin. Our
result for the Cuvette Centrale increases the best estimate of global tropical
peatland carbon stocks by 36 per cent, to 104.7 petagrams of carbon (minimum
estimate of 69.6 petagrams of carbon; maximum estimate of 129.8 petagrams of
carbon). This stored carbon is vulnerable to land-use change and any future
reduction in precipitation.

DOI: 10.1038/nature21048 
PMID: 28077869  [PubMed - in process]


104. Nature. 1987 Feb 26-Mar 4;325(6107):806-8.

Close linkage of c-Harvey-ras-1 and the insulin gene to affective disorder is
ruled out in three North American pedigrees.

Detera-Wadleigh SD, Berrettini WH, Goldin LR, Boorman D, Anderson S, Gershon ES.

Affective disorder (AD) is one of the major forms of functional psychoses.
Although the mode of transmission is uncertain, family, twin and adoption studies
strongly suggest a genetic involvement. Because a basic biochemical abnormality
is not known, direct analysis of the disease using a probe for the defective gene
is not possible. However, a specific locus can be tested for its relevance to the
aetiology of AD by genetic linkage, using restriction fragment length
polymorphisms (RFLPs). Using probes for the c-Ha-ras-1 oncogene and the insulin
gene, Gerhard et al. and Egeland et al. found convincing evidence for close
linkage between these markers and a locus for AD in a large Old Order Amish
pedigree. In an attempt to confirm this finding, we examined three bipolar
pedigrees outside the Amish population. Our results indicate the absence of
linkage from 0 to 15% recombination frequency between AD and the insulin
gene-HRAS1 region in these pedigrees.

DOI: 10.1038/325806a0 
PMID: 3547139  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


105. Nature. 2014 May 8;509(7499):195-200. doi: 10.1038/nature13154. Epub 2014 Mar 30.

Synapse elimination and learning rules co-regulated by MHC class I H2-Db.

Lee H(1), Brott BK(1), Kirkby LA(2), Adelson JD(1), Cheng S(1), Feller MB(2),
Datwani A(3), Shatz CJ(1).

Author information: 
(1)Departments of Biology and Neurobiology and Bio-X, James H. Clark Center, 318 
Campus Drive, Stanford, California 94305, USA. (2)Department of Molecular and
Cell Biology & Helen Wills Neuroscience Institute, University of California,
Berkeley, California 94720, USA. (3)1] Departments of Biology and Neurobiology
and Bio-X, James H. Clark Center, 318 Campus Drive, Stanford, California 94305,
USA [2] Sage Bionetworks, 1100 Fairview Avenue N., Seattle, Washington 98109,
USA.

Comment in
    Nat Rev Neurosci. 2014 May;15(5):280.

The formation of precise connections between retina and lateral geniculate
nucleus (LGN) involves the activity-dependent elimination of some synapses, with 
strengthening and retention of others. Here we show that the major
histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I molecule H2-D(b) is necessary and
sufficient for synapse elimination in the retinogeniculate system. In mice
lacking both H2-K(b) and H2-D(b) (K(b)D(b)(-/-)), despite intact retinal activity
and basal synaptic transmission, the developmentally regulated decrease in
functional convergence of retinal ganglion cell synaptic inputs to LGN neurons
fails and eye-specific layers do not form. Neuronal expression of just H2-D(b) in
K(b)D(b)(-/-) mice rescues both synapse elimination and eye-specific segregation 
despite a compromised immune system. When patterns of stimulation mimicking
endogenous retinal waves are used to probe synaptic learning rules at
retinogeniculate synapses, long-term potentiation (LTP) is intact but long-term
depression (LTD) is impaired in K(b)D(b)(-/-) mice. This change is due to an
increase in Ca(2+)-permeable AMPA (α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole
propionic acid) receptors. Restoring H2-D(b) to K(b)D(b)(-/-) neurons renders
AMPA receptors Ca(2+) impermeable and rescues LTD. These observations reveal an
MHC-class-I-mediated link between developmental synapse pruning and balanced
synaptic learning rules enabling both LTD and LTP, and demonstrate a direct
requirement for H2-D(b) in functional and structural synapse pruning in CNS
neurons.

DOI: 10.1038/nature13154 
PMCID: PMC4016165
PMID: 24695230  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


106. Nature. 2016 Dec 1;540(7631):90-93. doi: 10.1038/nature20120. Epub 2016 Nov 16.

Reorientation and faulting of Pluto due to volatile loading within Sputnik
Planitia.

Keane JT(1), Matsuyama I(1), Kamata S(2), Steckloff JK(3,)(4).

Author information: 
(1)Lunar and Planetary Laboratory, Department of Planetary Science, University of
Arizona, Tucson, Arizona 85721, USA. (2)Creative Research Institution, Hokkaido
University, Sapporo, Japan. (3)Purdue University, Department of Earth,
Atmospheric, and Planetary Sciences, West Lafayette, Indiana 47907, USA.
(4)Planetary Science Institute, Tucson, Arizona 85719, USA.

Pluto is an astoundingly diverse, geologically dynamic world. The dominant
feature is Sputnik Planitia-a tear-drop-shaped topographic depression
approximately 1,000 kilometres in diameter possibly representing an ancient
impact basin. The interior of Sputnik Planitia is characterized by a smooth,
craterless plain three to four kilometres beneath the surrounding rugged uplands,
and represents the surface of a massive unit of actively convecting volatile ices
(N2, CH4 and CO) several kilometres thick. This large feature is very near the
Pluto-Charon tidal axis. Here we report that the location of Sputnik Planitia is 
the natural consequence of the sequestration of volatile ices within the basin
and the resulting reorientation (true polar wander) of Pluto. Loading of volatile
ices within a basin the size of Sputnik Planitia can substantially alter Pluto's 
inertia tensor, resulting in a reorientation of the dwarf planet of around 60
degrees with respect to the rotational and tidal axes. The combination of this
reorientation, loading and global expansion due to the freezing of a possible
subsurface ocean generates stresses within the planet's lithosphere, resulting in
a global network of extensional faults that closely replicate the observed fault 
networks on Pluto. Sputnik Planitia probably formed northwest of its present
location, and was loaded with volatiles over million-year timescales as a result 
of volatile transport cycles on Pluto. Pluto's past, present and future
orientation is controlled by feedbacks between volatile sublimation and
condensation, changing insolation conditions and Pluto's interior structure.

DOI: 10.1038/nature20120 
PMID: 27851731  [PubMed - in process]


107. Nature. 2004 Feb 5;427(6974):474.

Drug suicide risks prompt call for FDA action.

Check E.

DOI: 10.1038/427474a 
PMID: 14765156  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


108. Nature. 2016 Apr 28;532(7600):527-30. doi: 10.1038/nature17391. Epub 2016 Apr 4.

Crystal structure of the human σ1 receptor.

Schmidt HR(1), Zheng S(1), Gurpinar E(1), Koehl A(2), Manglik A(2), Kruse AC(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biological Chemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, Harvard Medical
School, Boston, Massachusetts 02115, USA. (2)Department of Molecular and Cellular
Physiology, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, California 94305,
USA.

The human σ1 receptor is an enigmatic endoplasmic-reticulum-resident
transmembrane protein implicated in a variety of disorders including depression, 
drug addiction, and neuropathic pain. Recently, an additional connection to
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis has emerged from studies of human genetics and
mouse models. Unlike many transmembrane receptors that belong to large,
extensively studied families such as G-protein-coupled receptors or ligand-gated 
ion channels, the σ1 receptor is an evolutionary isolate with no discernible
similarity to any other human protein. Despite its increasingly clear importance 
in human physiology and disease, the molecular architecture of the σ1 receptor
and its regulation by drug-like compounds remain poorly defined. Here we report
crystal structures of the human σ1 receptor in complex with two chemically
divergent ligands, PD144418 and 4-IBP. The structures reveal a trimeric
architecture with a single transmembrane domain in each protomer. The
carboxy-terminal domain of the receptor shows an extensive flat, hydrophobic
membrane-proximal surface, suggesting an intimate association with the cytosolic 
surface of the endoplasmic reticulum membrane in cells. This domain includes a
cupin-like β-barrel with the ligand-binding site buried at its centre. This
large, hydrophobic ligand-binding cavity shows remarkable plasticity in ligand
recognition, binding the two ligands in similar positions despite dissimilar
chemical structures. Taken together, these results reveal the overall
architecture, oligomerization state, and molecular basis for ligand recognition
by this important but poorly understood protein.

DOI: 10.1038/nature17391 
PMID: 27042935  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


109. Nature. 2013 Sep 12;501(7466):179-84. doi: 10.1038/nature12518.

Social reward requires coordinated activity of nucleus accumbens oxytocin and
serotonin.

Dölen G(1), Darvishzadeh A, Huang KW, Malenka RC.

Author information: 
(1)Nancy Pritzker Laboratory, Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences,
Stanford University School of Medicine, 265 Campus Drive, Stanford, California
94305, USA.

Comment in
    Nat Rev Neurosci. 2013 Nov;14(11):740-1.

Social behaviours in species as diverse as honey bees and humans promote group
survival but often come at some cost to the individual. Although reinforcement of
adaptive social interactions is ostensibly required for the evolutionary
persistence of these behaviours, the neural mechanisms by which social reward is 
encoded by the brain are largely unknown. Here we demonstrate that in mice
oxytocin acts as a social reinforcement signal within the nucleus accumbens core,
where it elicits a presynaptically expressed long-term depression of excitatory
synaptic transmission in medium spiny neurons. Although the nucleus accumbens
receives oxytocin-receptor-containing inputs from several brain regions, genetic 
deletion of these receptors specifically from dorsal raphe nucleus, which
provides serotonergic (5-hydroxytryptamine; 5-HT) innervation to the nucleus
accumbens, abolishes the reinforcing properties of social interaction.
Furthermore, oxytocin-induced synaptic plasticity requires activation of nucleus 
accumbens 5-HT1B receptors, the blockade of which prevents social reward. These
results demonstrate that the rewarding properties of social interaction in mice
require the coordinated activity of oxytocin and 5-HT in the nucleus accumbens, a
mechanistic insight with implications for understanding the pathogenesis of
social dysfunction in neuropsychiatric disorders such as autism.

DOI: 10.1038/nature12518 
PMCID: PMC4091761
PMID: 24025838  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


110. Nature. 2016 Mar 10;531(7593):220-4. doi: 10.1038/nature16957. Epub 2016 Feb 17.

Palladium-catalysed transannular C-H functionalization of alicyclic amines.

Topczewski JJ(1), Cabrera PJ(1), Saper NI(1), Sanford MS(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Chemistry, University of Michigan, 930 North University Avenue, 
Ann Arbor, Michigan 48109, USA.

Discovering pharmaceutical candidates is a resource-intensive enterprise that
frequently requires the parallel synthesis of hundreds or even thousands of
molecules. C-H bonds are present in almost all pharmaceutical agents.
Consequently, the development of selective, rapid and efficient methods for
converting these bonds into new chemical entities has the potential to streamline
pharmaceutical development. Saturated nitrogen-containing heterocycles (alicyclic
amines) feature prominently in pharmaceuticals, such as treatments for depression
(paroxetine, amitifadine), diabetes (gliclazide), leukaemia (alvocidib),
schizophrenia (risperidone, belaperidone), malaria (mefloquine) and nicotine
addiction (cytisine, varenicline). However, existing methods for the C-H
functionalization of saturated nitrogen heterocycles, particularly at sites
remote to nitrogen, remain extremely limited. Here we report a transannular
approach to selectively manipulate the C-H bonds of alicyclic amines at sites
remote to nitrogen. Our reaction uses the boat conformation of the substrates to 
achieve palladium-catalysed amine-directed conversion of C-H bonds to C-C bonds
on various alicyclic amine scaffolds. We demonstrate this approach by
synthesizing new derivatives of several bioactive molecules, including
varenicline.

DOI: 10.1038/nature16957 
PMCID: PMC5082708
PMID: 26886789  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


111. Nature. 2016 Jan 7;529(7584):76-9. doi: 10.1038/nature16174.

Slab melting as a barrier to deep carbon subduction.

Thomson AR(1,)(2), Walter MJ(1), Kohn SC(1), Brooker RA(1).

Author information: 
(1)School of Earth Sciences, University of Bristol, Bristol BS8 1RJ, UK.
(2)Department of Earth Sciences, University College London, London WC1E 6BT, UK.

Interactions between crustal and mantle reservoirs dominate the surface inventory
of volatile elements over geological time, moderating atmospheric composition and
maintaining a life-supporting planet. While volcanoes expel volatile components
into surface reservoirs, subduction of oceanic crust is responsible for
replenishment of mantle reservoirs. Many natural, 'superdeep' diamonds
originating in the deep upper mantle and transition zone host mineral inclusions,
indicating an affinity to subducted oceanic crust. Here we show that the majority
of slab geotherms will intersect a deep depression along the melting curve of
carbonated oceanic crust at depths of approximately 300 to 700 kilometres,
creating a barrier to direct carbonate recycling into the deep mantle. Low-degree
partial melts are alkaline carbonatites that are highly reactive with reduced
ambient mantle, producing diamond. Many inclusions in superdeep diamonds are best
explained by carbonate melt-peridotite reaction. A deep carbon barrier may
dominate the recycling of carbon in the mantle and contribute to chemical and
isotopic heterogeneity of the mantle reservoir.

DOI: 10.1038/nature16174 
PMID: 26738593  [PubMed]


112. Nature. 2015 Nov 5;527(7576):95-9. doi: 10.1038/nature15526. Epub 2015 Oct 28.

Differential responses to lithium in hyperexcitable neurons from patients with
bipolar disorder.

Mertens J(1,)(2), Wang QW(1), Kim Y(2), Yu DX(2), Pham S(2), Yang B(1), Zheng
Y(1), Diffenderfer KE(3), Zhang J(4), Soltani S(2), Eames T(2), Schafer ST(2),
Boyer L(2), Marchetto MC(2), Nurnberger JI(5), Calabrese JR(6), Ødegaard KJ(7),
McCarthy MJ(8,)(9), Zandi PP(10), Alda M(11), Nievergelt CM(9); Pharmacogenomics 
of Bipolar Disorder Study, Mi S(4), Brennand KJ(12), Kelsoe JR(8,)(9), Gage
FH(2), Yao J(1,)(2,)(13).

Collaborators: Kelsoe JR, Nievergelt CM, Shilling PD, McCarthy MJ, Buehning L,
Nurnberger JI, Gershon ES, Coryell WH, Berretini WH, Zandi PP, Calabrese JR,
McInnis MG, Ødegaard KJ, Alda M, Frye MA, Gage FH, Craig DW.

Author information: 
(1)State Key Laboratory of Membrane Biology, Tsinghua-Peking Joint Center for
Life Sciences, McGovern Institute for Brain Research, School of Life Sciences,
Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China. (2)The Salk Institute for Biological 
Studies, Laboratory of Genetics, La Jolla, California 92037, USA. (3)The Salk
Institute for Biological Studies, Stem Cell Core, La Jolla, California 92037,
USA. (4)Key Laboratory of Genomic and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of
Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. (5)Department of
Psychiatry, Indiana University, Indianapolis, Indiana 46202, USA. (6)Department
of Psychiatry, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio 44106, USA.
(7)Department of Psychiatry, University of Bergen, Bergen 5020, Norway.
(8)Department of Psychiatry, VA San Diego Healthcare System, La Jolla, California
92151, USA. (9)Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La
Jolla, California, 92093, USA. (10)Department of Psychiatry, Johns Hopkins
University, Baltimore, Maryland 21218, USA. (11)Department of Psychiatry,
Dalhousie University, Halifax, Nova Scotia, B3H2E2, Canada. (12)Department of
Psychiatry, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New York, New York 10029, USA.
(13)Jiangsu Collaborative Innovation Center for Language Ability, Jiangsu Normal 
University, Xuzhou 221009, China.

Erratum in
    Nature. 2016 Feb 11;530(7589):242. Alba, Martin [Corrected to Alda, Martin].

Comment in
    Lancet. 2016 Feb 27;387(10021):823-5.
    Neuroscientist. 2016 Apr;22(2):106.
    Nat Rev Neurosci. 2015 Dec;16(12):702.

Bipolar disorder is a complex neuropsychiatric disorder that is characterized by 
intermittent episodes of mania and depression; without treatment, 15% of patients
commit suicide. Hence, it has been ranked by the World Health Organization as a
top disorder of morbidity and lost productivity. Previous neuropathological
studies have revealed a series of alterations in the brains of patients with
bipolar disorder or animal models, such as reduced glial cell number in the
prefrontal cortex of patients, upregulated activities of the protein kinase A and
C pathways and changes in neurotransmission. However, the roles and causation of 
these changes in bipolar disorder have been too complex to exactly determine the 
pathology of the disease. Furthermore, although some patients show remarkable
improvement with lithium treatment for yet unknown reasons, others are refractory
to lithium treatment. Therefore, developing an accurate and powerful biological
model for bipolar disorder has been a challenge. The introduction of induced
pluripotent stem-cell (iPSC) technology has provided a new approach. Here we have
developed an iPSC model for human bipolar disorder and investigated the cellular 
phenotypes of hippocampal dentate gyrus-like neurons derived from iPSCs of
patients with bipolar disorder. Guided by RNA sequencing expression profiling, we
have detected mitochondrial abnormalities in young neurons from patients with
bipolar disorder by using mitochondrial assays; in addition, using both
patch-clamp recording and somatic Ca(2+) imaging, we have observed hyperactive
action-potential firing. This hyperexcitability phenotype of young neurons in
bipolar disorder was selectively reversed by lithium treatment only in neurons
derived from patients who also responded to lithium treatment. Therefore,
hyperexcitability is one early endophenotype of bipolar disorder, and our model
of iPSCs in this disease might be useful in developing new therapies and drugs
aimed at its clinical treatment.

DOI: 10.1038/nature15526 
PMCID: PMC4742055
PMID: 26524527  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


113. Nature. 2015 Apr 16;520(7547):373-7. doi: 10.1038/nature14292. Epub 2015 Mar 9.

Radiation and dual checkpoint blockade activate non-redundant immune mechanisms
in cancer.

Twyman-Saint Victor C(1), Rech AJ(2), Maity A(3), Rengan R(3), Pauken KE(4),
Stelekati E(4), Benci JL(5), Xu B(5), Dada H(5), Odorizzi PM(4), Herati RS(6),
Mansfield KD(4), Patsch D(7), Amaravadi RK(8), Schuchter LM(8), Ishwaran H(9),
Mick R(10), Pryma DA(11), Xu X(12), Feldman MD(12), Gangadhar TC(8), Hahn SM(3), 
Wherry EJ(13), Vonderheide RH(14), Minn AJ(15).

Author information: 
(1)1] Department of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [2] Abramson Family Cancer
Research Institute, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA. (2)Abramson Family Cancer Research
Institute, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 19104, USA. (3)1] Department of Radiation Oncology, Perelman School 
of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA
[2] Abramson Cancer Center, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA. (4)1] Department of
Microbiology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [2] Institute for Immunology, Perelman
School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104,
USA. (5)1] Abramson Family Cancer Research Institute, Perelman School of
Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [2]
Department of Radiation Oncology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA. (6)1] Department of
Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, 
Pennsylvania 19104, USA [2] Institute for Immunology, Perelman School of
Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA.
(7)Department of Radiation Oncology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA. (8)1] Department of
Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, 
Pennsylvania 19104, USA [2] Abramson Cancer Center, Perelman School of Medicine, 
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA. (9)Division of
Biostatistics, Department of Public Health Sciences, University of Miami, Miami, 
Florida 33136, USA. (10)1] Abramson Cancer Center, Perelman School of Medicine,
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [2] Department 
of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA. (11)1] Abramson Cancer
Center, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 19104, USA [2] Department of Radiology, Perelman School of Medicine,
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA. (12)1]
Abramson Cancer Center, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [2] Department of Pathology and Laboratory 
Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, 
Pennsylvania 19104, USA. (13)1] Abramson Cancer Center, Perelman School of
Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [2]
Department of Microbiology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [3] Institute for Immunology,
Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 19104, USA. (14)1] Department of Medicine, Perelman School of
Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [2]
Abramson Family Cancer Research Institute, Perelman School of Medicine,
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [3] Abramson
Cancer Center, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [4] Institute for Immunology, Perelman
School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104,
USA. (15)1] Abramson Family Cancer Research Institute, Perelman School of
Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [2]
Department of Radiation Oncology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA [3] Abramson Cancer Center,
Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 19104, USA [4] Institute for Immunology, Perelman School of
Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104, USA.

Comment in
    Nat Rev Immunol. 2015 May;15(5):265.
    Trends Mol Med. 2015 Aug;21(8):463-5.
    Cancer Discov. 2015 May;5(5):OF13.
    Cancer Cell. 2015 Apr 13;27(4):437-8.
    Nat Rev Cancer. 2015 May;15(5):258-9.
    Nat Rev Clin Oncol. 2015 Jun;12(6):311.

Immune checkpoint inhibitors result in impressive clinical responses, but optimal
results will require combination with each other and other therapies. This raises
fundamental questions about mechanisms of non-redundancy and resistance. Here we 
report major tumour regressions in a subset of patients with metastatic melanoma 
treated with an anti-CTLA4 antibody (anti-CTLA4) and radiation, and reproduced
this effect in mouse models. Although combined treatment improved responses in
irradiated and unirradiated tumours, resistance was common. Unbiased analyses of 
mice revealed that resistance was due to upregulation of PD-L1 on melanoma cells 
and associated with T-cell exhaustion. Accordingly, optimal response in melanoma 
and other cancer types requires radiation, anti-CTLA4 and anti-PD-L1/PD-1.
Anti-CTLA4 predominantly inhibits T-regulatory cells (Treg cells), thereby
increasing the CD8 T-cell to Treg (CD8/Treg) ratio. Radiation enhances the
diversity of the T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire of intratumoral T cells.
Together, anti-CTLA4 promotes expansion of T cells, while radiation shapes the
TCR repertoire of the expanded peripheral clones. Addition of PD-L1 blockade
reverses T-cell exhaustion to mitigate depression in the CD8/Treg ratio and
further encourages oligoclonal T-cell expansion. Similarly to results from mice, 
patients on our clinical trial with melanoma showing high PD-L1 did not respond
to radiation plus anti-CTLA4, demonstrated persistent T-cell exhaustion, and
rapidly progressed. Thus, PD-L1 on melanoma cells allows tumours to escape
anti-CTLA4-based therapy, and the combination of radiation, anti-CTLA4 and
anti-PD-L1 promotes response and immunity through distinct mechanisms.

DOI: 10.1038/nature14292 
PMCID: PMC4401634
PMID: 25754329  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


114. Nature. 2002 Sep 5;419(6902):70-4.

Deficient pheromone responses in mice lacking a cluster of vomeronasal receptor
genes.

Del Punta K(1), Leinders-Zufall T, Rodriguez I, Jukam D, Wysocki CJ, Ogawa S,
Zufall F, Mombaerts P.

Author information: 
(1)The Rockefeller University, 1230 York Avenue, New York, New York 10021, USA.

The mammalian vomeronasal organ (VNO), a part of the olfactory system, detects
pheromones--chemical signals that modulate social and reproductive behaviours.
But the molecular receptors in the VNO that detect these chemosensory stimuli
remain undefined. Candidate pheromone receptors are encoded by two distinct and
complex superfamilies of genes, V1r and V2r (refs 3 and 4), which code for
receptors with seven transmembrane domains. These genes are selectively expressed
in sensory neurons of the VNO. However, there is at present no functional
evidence for a role of these genes in pheromone responses. Here, using chromosome
engineering technology, we delete in the germ line of mice an approximately
600-kilobase genomic region that contains a cluster of 16 intact V1r genes. These
genes comprise two of the 12 described V1r gene families, and represent
approximately 12% of the V1r repertoire. The mutant mice display deficits in a
subset of VNO-dependent behaviours: the expression of male sexual behaviour and
maternal aggression is substantially altered. Electrophysiologically, the
epithelium of the VNO of such mice does not respond detectably to specific
pheromonal ligands. The behavioural impairment and chemosensory deficit support a
role of V1r receptors as pheromone receptors.

DOI: 10.1038/nature00955 
PMID: 12214233  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


115. Nature. 2014 Jul 31;511(7511):557-62. doi: 10.1038/nature13396. Epub 2014 Jul 6.

Structure of class C GPCR metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 transmembrane domain.

Doré AS(1), Okrasa K(1), Patel JC(1), Serrano-Vega M(1), Bennett K(2), Cooke
RM(2), Errey JC(2), Jazayeri A(2), Khan S(2), Tehan B(2), Weir M(2), Wiggin
GR(2), Marshall FH(2).

Author information: 
(1)1] Heptares Therapeutics Ltd, BioPark, Broadwater Road, Welwyn Garden City,
Hertfordshire AL7 3AX, UK [2]. (2)Heptares Therapeutics Ltd, BioPark, Broadwater 
Road, Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire AL7 3AX, UK.

Metabotropic glutamate receptors are class C G-protein-coupled receptors which
respond to the neurotransmitter glutamate. Structural studies have been
restricted to the amino-terminal extracellular domain, providing little
understanding of the membrane-spanning signal transduction domain. Metabotropic
glutamate receptor 5 is of considerable interest as a drug target in the
treatment of fragile X syndrome, autism, depression, anxiety, addiction and
movement disorders. Here we report the crystal structure of the transmembrane
domain of the human receptor in complex with the negative allosteric modulator,
mavoglurant. The structure provides detailed insight into the architecture of the
transmembrane domain of class C receptors including the precise location of the
allosteric binding site within the transmembrane domain and key micro-switches
which regulate receptor signalling. This structure also provides a model for all 
class C G-protein-coupled receptors and may aid in the design of new
small-molecule drugs for the treatment of brain disorders.

DOI: 10.1038/nature13396 
PMID: 25042998  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


116. Nature. 1998 Jun 4;393(6684):458-60.

A one-million-year-old Homo cranium from the Danakil (Afar) Depression of
Eritrea.

Abbate E(1), Albianelli A, Azzaroli A, Benvenuti M, Tesfamariam B, Bruni P,
Cipriani N, Clarke RJ, Ficcarelli G, Macchiarelli R, Napoleone G, Papini M, Rook 
L, Sagri M, Tecle TM, Torre D, Villa I.

Author information: 
(1)Dipartimento di Scienze della Terra, Università di Firenze, Italy.
abbate@cesit1.unifi.it

One of the most contentious topics in the study of human evolution is that of the
time, place and mode of origin of Homo sapiens. The discovery in the Northern
Danakil (Afar) Depression, Eritrea, of a well-preserved Homo cranium with a
mixture of characters typical of H. erectus and H. sapiens contributes
significantly to this debate. The cranium was found in a succession of
fluvio-deltaic and lacustrine deposits and is associated with a rich mammalian
fauna of early to early-middle Pleistocene age. A magnetostratigraphic survey
indicates two reversed and two normal magnetozones. The layer in which the
cranium was found is near the top of the lower normal magnetozone, which is
identified as the Jaramillo subchron. Consequently, the human remains can be
dated at approximately 1 million years before present.

DOI: 10.1038/30954 
PMID: 9623999  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


117. Nature. 2014 Jun 19;510(7505):356-62. doi: 10.1038/nature13308. Epub 2014 Jun 11.

The genome of Eucalyptus grandis.

Myburg AA(1), Grattapaglia D(2), Tuskan GA(3), Hellsten U(4), Hayes RD(4),
Grimwood J(5), Jenkins J(5), Lindquist E(4), Tice H(4), Bauer D(4), Goodstein
DM(4), Dubchak I(4), Poliakov A(4), Mizrachi E(1), Kullan AR(1), Hussey SG(1),
Pinard D(1), van der Merwe K(1), Singh P(1), van Jaarsveld I(6), Silva-Junior
OB(7), Togawa RC(7), Pappas MR(8), Faria DA(8), Sansaloni CP(8), Petroli CD(8),
Yang X(9), Ranjan P(9), Tschaplinski TJ(9), Ye CY(9), Li T(9), Sterck L(10),
Vanneste K(10), Murat F(11), Soler M(12), Clemente HS(12), Saidi N(12),
Cassan-Wang H(12), Dunand C(12), Hefer CA(13), Bornberg-Bauer E(14), Kersting
AR(15), Vining K(16), Amarasinghe V(16), Ranik M(16), Naithani S(17), Elser
J(18), Boyd AE(19), Liston A(17), Spatafora JW(17), Dharmwardhana P(18), Raja
R(18), Sullivan C(19), Romanel E(20), Alves-Ferreira M(21), Külheim C(22), Foley 
W(22), Carocha V(23), Paiva J(24), Kudrna D(25), Brommonschenkel SH(26), Pasquali
G(27), Byrne M(28), Rigault P(29), Tibbits J(30), Spokevicius A(31), Jones
RC(32), Steane DA(33), Vaillancourt RE(32), Potts BM(32), Joubert F(34), Barry
K(4), Pappas GJ(35), Strauss SH(16), Jaiswal P(17), Grima-Pettenati J(12), Salse 
J(11), Van de Peer Y(36), Rokhsar DS(4), Schmutz J(37).

Author information: 
(1)1] Department of Genetics, Forestry and Agricultural Biotechnology Institute
(FABI), University of Pretoria, Private bag X20, Pretoria 0028, South Africa [2] 
Genomics Research Institute (GRI), University of Pretoria, Private bag X20,
Pretoria 0028, South Africa. (2)1] Laboratório de Genética Vegetal, EMBRAPA
Recursos Genéticos e Biotecnologia, EPQB Final W5 Norte, 70770-917 Brasília,
Brazil [2] Programa de Ciências Genômicas e Biotecnologia - Universidade Católica
de Brasília SGAN 916, 70790-160 Brasília, Brazil. (3)1] US Department of Energy
Joint Genome Institute, 2800 Mitchell Drive, Walnut Creek, California 94598, USA 
[2] Biosciences Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge, Tennessee
37831, USA. (4)US Department of Energy Joint Genome Institute, 2800 Mitchell
Drive, Walnut Creek, California 94598, USA. (5)HudsonAlpha Institute for
Biotechnology, 601 Genome Way, Huntsville, Alabama 35801, USA. (6)Bioinformatics 
and Computational Biology Unit, Department of Biochemistry, University of
Pretoria, Pretoria, Private bag X20, Pretoria 0028, South Africa. (7)Laboratório 
de Bioinformática, EMBRAPA Recursos Genéticos e Biotecnologia, EPQB Final W5
Norte, 70770-917 Brasília, Brazil. (8)Laboratório de Genética Vegetal, EMBRAPA
Recursos Genéticos e Biotecnologia, EPQB Final W5 Norte, 70770-917 Brasília,
Brazil. (9)Biosciences Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge,
Tennessee 37831, USA. (10)Department of Plant Biotechnology and Bioinformatics
(VIB), Ghent University, Technologiepark 927, B-9000 Ghent, Belgium. (11)INRA/UBP
UMR 1095, 5 Avenue de Beaulieu, 63100 Clermont Ferrand, France. (12)Laboratoire
de Recherche en Sciences Végétales, UMR 5546, Université Toulouse III, UPS, CNRS,
BP 42617, 31326 Castanet Tolosan, France. (13)1] Bioinformatics and Computational
Biology Unit, Department of Biochemistry, University of Pretoria, Pretoria,
Private bag X20, Pretoria 0028, South Africa [2] Department of Botany, University
of British Columbia, 3529-6270 University Blvd, Vancouver V6T 1Z4, Canada.
(14)Evolutionary Bioinformatics, Institute for Evolution and Biodiversity,
University of Muenster, Huefferstrasse 1, D-48149, Muenster, Germany. (15)1]
Evolutionary Bioinformatics, Institute for Evolution and Biodiversity, University
of Muenster, Huefferstrasse 1, D-48149, Muenster, Germany [2] Department of
Bioinformatics, Institute for Computer Science, University of Duesseldorf,
Universitätsstrasse 1, 40225 Düsseldorf, Germany. (16)Department of Forest
Ecosystems and Society, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon 97331, USA.
(17)1] Department of Botany and Plant Pathology, Oregon State University,
2082-Cordley Hall, Corvallis, Oregon 97331, USA [2] Center for Genome Research
and Biocomputing, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon 97331, USA.
(18)Department of Botany and Plant Pathology, Oregon State University,
2082-Cordley Hall, Corvallis, Oregon 97331, USA. (19)Center for Genome Research
and Biocomputing, Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon 97331, USA. (20)1]
Laboratório de Biologia Evolutiva Teórica e Aplicada, Departamento de Genética,
Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), Av. Prof. Rodolpho Paulo Rocco,
21949900 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil [2] Departamento de Biotecnologia, Escola de
Engenharia de Lorena-Universidade de São Paulo (EEL-USP), CP116, 12602-810,
Lorena-SP, Brazil [3] Laboratório de Genética Molecular Vegetal (LGMV),
Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), Av.
Prof. Rodolpho Paulo Rocco, 21949900 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. (21)Laboratório de
Genética Molecular Vegetal (LGMV), Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal
do Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), Av. Prof. Rodolpho Paulo Rocco, 21949900 Rio de
Janeiro, Brazil. (22)Research School of Biology, Australian National University, 
Canberra 0200, Australia. (23)1] Laboratoire de Recherche en Sciences Végétales, 
UMR 5546, Université Toulouse III, UPS, CNRS, BP 42617, 31326 Castanet Tolosan,
France [2] IICT/MNE; Palácio Burnay - Rua da Junqueira, 30, 1349-007 Lisboa,
Portugal [3] IBET/ITQB, Av. República, Quinta do Marquês, 2781-901 Oeiras,
Portugal. (24)1] IICT/MNE; Palácio Burnay - Rua da Junqueira, 30, 1349-007
Lisboa, Portugal [2] IBET/ITQB, Av. República, Quinta do Marquês, 2781-901
Oeiras, Portugal. (25)Arizona Genomics Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, 
Arizona 85721, USA. (26)Dep. de Fitopatologia, Universidade Federal de Viçosa,
Viçosa 36570-000, Brazil. (27)Centro de Biotecnologia, Universidade Federal do
Rio Grande do Sul, 91501-970 Porto Alegre, Brazil. (28)Science and Conservation
Division, Department of Parks and Wildlife, Locked Bag 104, Bentley Delivery
Centre, Western Australia 6983, Australia. (29)GYDLE, 1363 av. Maguire, suite
301, Québec, Quebec G1T 1Z2, Canada. (30)Department of Environment and Primary
Industries, Victorian Government, Melbourne, Victoria 3085, Australia.
(31)Melbourne School of Land and Environment, University of Melbourne, Melbourne,
Victoria 3010, Australia. (32)School of Biological Sciences and National Centre
for Future Forest Industries, University of Tasmania, Private Bag 55, Hobart,
Tasmania 7001, Australia. (33)1] School of Biological Sciences and National
Centre for Future Forest Industries, University of Tasmania, Private Bag 55,
Hobart, Tasmania 7001, Australia [2] Faculty of Science, Health, Education and
Engineering, University of the Sunshine Coast, Queensland 4558, Australia. (34)1]
Genomics Research Institute (GRI), University of Pretoria, Private bag X20,
Pretoria 0028, South Africa [2] Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Unit,
Department of Biochemistry, University of Pretoria, Pretoria, Private bag X20,
Pretoria 0028, South Africa. (35)Departamento de Biologia Celular, Universidade
de Brasília, Brasília 70910-900, Brazil. (36)1] Genomics Research Institute
(GRI), University of Pretoria, Private bag X20, Pretoria 0028, South Africa [2]
Department of Plant Biotechnology and Bioinformatics (VIB), Ghent University,
Technologiepark 927, B-9000 Ghent, Belgium. (37)1] US Department of Energy Joint 
Genome Institute, 2800 Mitchell Drive, Walnut Creek, California 94598, USA [2]
HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, 601 Genome Way, Huntsville, Alabama
35801, USA.

Eucalypts are the world's most widely planted hardwood trees. Their outstanding
diversity, adaptability and growth have made them a global renewable resource of 
fibre and energy. We sequenced and assembled >94% of the 640-megabase genome of
Eucalyptus grandis. Of 36,376 predicted protein-coding genes, 34% occur in tandem
duplications, the largest proportion thus far in plant genomes. Eucalyptus also
shows the highest diversity of genes for specialized metabolites such as terpenes
that act as chemical defence and provide unique pharmaceutical oils. Genome
sequencing of the E. grandis sister species E. globulus and a set of inbred E.
grandis tree genomes reveals dynamic genome evolution and hotspots of inbreeding 
depression. The E. grandis genome is the first reference for the eudicot order
Myrtales and is placed here sister to the eurosids. This resource expands our
understanding of the unique biology of large woody perennials and provides a
powerful tool to accelerate comparative biology, breeding and biotechnology.

DOI: 10.1038/nature13308 
PMID: 24919147  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


118. Nature. 2016 Feb 11;530(7589):219-22. doi: 10.1038/nature16954. Epub 2016 Feb 3.

A thalamic input to the nucleus accumbens mediates opiate dependence.

Zhu Y(1), Wienecke CF(1), Nachtrab G(1), Chen X(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biology, Stanford University, Stanford, California 94305, USA.

Comment in
    Nat Rev Neurosci. 2016 Apr;17(4):200.

Chronic opiate use induces opiate dependence, which is characterized by extremely
unpleasant physical and emotional feelings after drug use is terminated. Both the
rewarding effects of a drug and the desire to avoid withdrawal symptoms motivate 
continued drug use, and the nucleus accumbens is important for orchestrating both
processes. While multiple inputs to the nucleus accumbens regulate reward, little
is known about the nucleus accumbens circuitry underlying withdrawal. Here we
identify the paraventricular nucleus of the thalamus as a prominent input to the 
nucleus accumbens mediating the expression of opiate-withdrawal-induced physical 
signs and aversive memory. Activity in the paraventricular nucleus of the
thalamus to nucleus accumbens pathway is necessary and sufficient to mediate
behavioural aversion. Selectively silencing this pathway abolishes aversive
symptoms in two different mouse models of opiate withdrawal. Chronic morphine
exposure selectively potentiates excitatory transmission between the
paraventricular nucleus of the thalamus and D2-receptor-expressing medium spiny
neurons via synaptic insertion of GluA2-lacking AMPA receptors. Notably, in vivo 
optogenetic depotentiation restores normal transmission at these synapses and
robustly suppresses morphine withdrawal symptoms. This links morphine-evoked
pathway- and cell-type-specific plasticity in the paraventricular nucleus of the 
thalamus to nucleus accumbens circuit to opiate dependence, and suggests that
reprogramming this circuit holds promise for treating opiate addiction.

DOI: 10.1038/nature16954 
PMCID: PMC4814115
PMID: 26840481  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


119. Nature. 2011 Jul 10;475(7355):189-95. doi: 10.1038/nature10158.

Genome sequence and analysis of the tuber crop potato.

Potato Genome Sequencing Consortium(1), Xu X, Pan S, Cheng S, Zhang B, Mu D, Ni
P, Zhang G, Yang S, Li R, Wang J, Orjeda G, Guzman F, Torres M, Lozano R, Ponce
O, Martinez D, De la Cruz G, Chakrabarti SK, Patil VU, Skryabin KG, Kuznetsov BB,
Ravin NV, Kolganova TV, Beletsky AV, Mardanov AV, Di Genova A, Bolser DM, Martin 
DM, Li G, Yang Y, Kuang H, Hu Q, Xiong X, Bishop GJ, Sagredo B, Mejía N, Zagorski
W, Gromadka R, Gawor J, Szczesny P, Huang S, Zhang Z, Liang C, He J, Li Y, He Y, 
Xu J, Zhang Y, Xie B, Du Y, Qu D, Bonierbale M, Ghislain M, Herrera Mdel R,
Giuliano G, Pietrella M, Perrotta G, Facella P, O'Brien K, Feingold SE, Barreiro 
LE, Massa GA, Diambra L, Whitty BR, Vaillancourt B, Lin H, Massa AN, Geoffroy M, 
Lundback S, DellaPenna D, Buell CR, Sharma SK, Marshall DF, Waugh R, Bryan GJ,
Destefanis M, Nagy I, Milbourne D, Thomson SJ, Fiers M, Jacobs JM, Nielsen KL,
Sønderkær M, Iovene M, Torres GA, Jiang J, Veilleux RE, Bachem CW, de Boer J,
Borm T, Kloosterman B, van Eck H, Datema E, Hekkert Bt, Goverse A, van Ham RC,
Visser RG.

Author information: 
(1)BGI-Shenzhen, Chinese Ministry of Agricultural, Key Lab of Genomics, Beishan
Industrial Zone, Yantian District, Shenzhen 518083, China.

Potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) is the world's most important non-grain food crop
and is central to global food security. It is clonally propagated, highly
heterozygous, autotetraploid, and suffers acute inbreeding depression. Here we
use a homozygous doubled-monoploid potato clone to sequence and assemble 86% of
the 844-megabase genome. We predict 39,031 protein-coding genes and present
evidence for at least two genome duplication events indicative of a
palaeopolyploid origin. As the first genome sequence of an asterid, the potato
genome reveals 2,642 genes specific to this large angiosperm clade. We also
sequenced a heterozygous diploid clone and show that gene presence/absence
variants and other potentially deleterious mutations occur frequently and are a
likely cause of inbreeding depression. Gene family expansion, tissue-specific
expression and recruitment of genes to new pathways contributed to the evolution 
of tuber development. The potato genome sequence provides a platform for genetic 
improvement of this vital crop.

©2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved

DOI: 10.1038/nature10158 
PMID: 21743474  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


120. Nature. 2007 Feb 8;445(7128):643-7.

Endocannabinoid-mediated rescue of striatal LTD and motor deficits in Parkinson's
disease models.

Kreitzer AC(1), Malenka RC.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Nancy Pritzker Laboratory,
Stanford University Medical School, Palo Alto, California 94305, USA.

The striatum is a major forebrain nucleus that integrates cortical and thalamic
afferents and forms the input nucleus of the basal ganglia. Striatal projection
neurons target the substantia nigra pars reticulata (direct pathway) or the
lateral globus pallidus (indirect pathway). Imbalances between neural activity in
these two pathways have been proposed to underlie the profound motor deficits
observed in Parkinson's disease and Huntington's disease. However, little is
known about differences in cellular and synaptic properties in these circuits.
Indeed, current hypotheses suggest that these cells express similar forms of
synaptic plasticity. Here we show that excitatory synapses onto indirect-pathway 
medium spiny neurons (MSNs) exhibit higher release probability and larger
N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor currents than direct-pathway synapses. Moreover,
indirect-pathway MSNs selectively express endocannabinoid-mediated long-term
depression (eCB-LTD), which requires dopamine D2 receptor activation. In models
of Parkinson's disease, indirect-pathway eCB-LTD is absent but is rescued by a D2
receptor agonist or inhibitors of endocannabinoid degradation. Administration of 
these drugs together in vivo reduces parkinsonian motor deficits, suggesting that
endocannabinoid-mediated depression of indirect-pathway synapses has a critical
role in the control of movement. These findings have implications for
understanding the normal functions of the basal ganglia, and also suggest
approaches for the development of therapeutic drugs for the treatment of
striatal-based brain disorders.

DOI: 10.1038/nature05506 
PMID: 17287809  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


121. Nature. 2013 Nov 7;503(7474):85-90. doi: 10.1038/nature12533. Epub 2013 Sep 15.

X-ray structure of dopamine transporter elucidates antidepressant mechanism.

Penmatsa A(1), Wang KH, Gouaux E.

Author information: 
(1)1] Vollum Institute, Oregon Health & Science University, 3181 South West Sam
Jackson Park Road, Portland, Oregon 97239, USA [2].

Comment in
    Angew Chem Int Ed Engl. 2014 May 12;53(20):5008-9.

Antidepressants targeting Na(+)/Cl(-)-coupled neurotransmitter uptake define a
key therapeutic strategy to treat clinical depression and neuropathic pain.
However, identifying the molecular interactions that underlie the pharmacological
activity of these transport inhibitors, and thus the mechanism by which the
inhibitors lead to increased synaptic neurotransmitter levels, has proven
elusive. Here we present the crystal structure of the Drosophila melanogaster
dopamine transporter at 3.0 Å resolution bound to the tricyclic antidepressant
nortriptyline. The transporter is locked in an outward-open conformation with
nortriptyline wedged between transmembrane helices 1, 3, 6 and 8, blocking the
transporter from binding substrate and from isomerizing to an inward-facing
conformation. Although the overall structure of the dopamine transporter is
similar to that of its prokaryotic relative LeuT, there are multiple
distinctions, including a kink in transmembrane helix 12 halfway across the
membrane bilayer, a latch-like carboxy-terminal helix that caps the cytoplasmic
gate, and a cholesterol molecule wedged within a groove formed by transmembrane
helices 1a, 5 and 7. Taken together, the dopamine transporter structure reveals
the molecular basis for antidepressant action on sodium-coupled neurotransmitter 
symporters and elucidates critical elements of eukaryotic transporter structure
and modulation by lipids, thus expanding our understanding of the mechanism and
regulation of neurotransmitter uptake at chemical synapses.

DOI: 10.1038/nature12533 
PMCID: PMC3904663
PMID: 24037379  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


122. Nature. 2013 Aug 22;500(7463):458-62. doi: 10.1038/nature12330. Epub 2013 Aug 4.

Oxytocin enhances hippocampal spike transmission by modulating fast-spiking
interneurons.

Owen SF(1), Tuncdemir SN, Bader PL, Tirko NN, Fishell G, Tsien RW.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology, 279 Campus Drive, Stanford
University School of Medicine, Stanford, California 94305, USA.

Neuromodulatory control by oxytocin is essential to a wide range of social,
parental and stress-related behaviours. Autism spectrum disorders (ASD) are
associated with deficiencies in oxytocin levels and with genetic alterations of
the oxytocin receptor (OXTR). Thirty years ago, Mühlethaler et al. found that
oxytocin increases the firing of inhibitory hippocampal neurons, but it remains
unclear how elevated inhibition could account for the ability of oxytocin to
improve information processing in the brain. Here we describe in mammalian
hippocampus a simple yet powerful mechanism by which oxytocin enhances cortical
information transfer while simultaneously lowering background activity, thus
greatly improving the signal-to-noise ratio. Increased fast-spiking interneuron
activity not only suppresses spontaneous pyramidal cell firing, but also enhances
the fidelity of spike transmission and sharpens spike timing. Use-dependent
depression at the fast-spiking interneuron-pyramidal cell synapse is both
necessary and sufficient for the enhanced spike throughput. We show the
generality of this novel circuit mechanism by activation of fast-spiking
interneurons with cholecystokinin or channelrhodopsin-2. This provides insight
into how a diffusely delivered neuromodulator can improve the performance of
neural circuitry that requires synapse specificity and millisecond precision.

DOI: 10.1038/nature12330 
PMCID: PMC5283693
PMID: 23913275  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


123. Nature. 2013 Jul 25;499(7459):438-43. doi: 10.1038/nature12357. Epub 2013 Jul 17.

Structure of class B GPCR corticotropin-releasing factor receptor 1.

Hollenstein K(1), Kean J, Bortolato A, Cheng RK, Doré AS, Jazayeri A, Cooke RM,
Weir M, Marshall FH.

Author information: 
(1)Heptares Therapeutics Ltd, BioPark, Broadwater Road, Welwyn Garden City AL7
3AX, UK.

Comment in
    Nat Rev Drug Discov. 2013 Aug;12(8):579.
    Nature. 2013 Jul 25;499(7459):417-8.

Structural analysis of class B G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), cell-surface 
proteins that respond to peptide hormones, has been restricted to the
amino-terminal extracellular domain, thus providing little understanding of the
membrane-spanning signal transduction domain. The corticotropin-releasing factor 
receptor type 1 is a class B receptor which mediates the response to stress and
has been considered a drug target for depression and anxiety. Here we report the 
crystal structure of the transmembrane domain of the human
corticotropin-releasing factor receptor type 1 in complex with the small-molecule
antagonist CP-376395. The structure provides detailed insight into the
architecture of class B receptors. Atomic details of the interactions of the
receptor with the non-peptide ligand that binds deep within the receptor are
described. This structure provides a model for all class B GPCRs and may aid in
the design of new small-molecule drugs for diseases of brain and metabolism.

DOI: 10.1038/nature12357 
PMID: 23863939  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


124. Nature. 2013 Apr 11;496(7444):224-8. doi: 10.1038/nature12041. Epub 2013 Mar 20.

Distinct extended amygdala circuits for divergent motivational states.

Jennings JH(1), Sparta DR, Stamatakis AM, Ung RL, Pleil KE, Kash TL, Stuber GD.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel 
Hill, North Carolina 27599, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 2013 Apr 11;496(7444):174-5.

The co-morbidity of anxiety and dysfunctional reward processing in illnesses such
as addiction and depression suggests that common neural circuitry contributes to 
these disparate neuropsychiatric symptoms. The extended amygdala, including the
bed nucleus of the stria terminalis (BNST), modulates fear and anxiety, but also 
projects to the ventral tegmental area (VTA), a region implicated in reward and
aversion, thus providing a candidate neural substrate for integrating diverse
emotional states. However, the precise functional connectivity between distinct
BNST projection neurons and their postsynaptic targets in the VTA, as well as the
role of this circuit in controlling motivational states, have not been described.
Here we record and manipulate the activity of genetically and neurochemically
identified VTA-projecting BNST neurons in freely behaving mice. Collectively,
aversive stimuli exposure produced heterogeneous firing patterns in
VTA-projecting BNST neurons. By contrast, in vivo optically identified
glutamatergic projection neurons displayed a net enhancement of activity to
aversive stimuli, whereas the firing rate of identified GABAergic (γ-aminobutyric
acid-containing) projection neurons was suppressed. Channelrhodopsin-2-assisted
circuit mapping revealed that both BNST glutamatergic and GABAergic projections
preferentially innervate postsynaptic non-dopaminergic VTA neurons, thus
providing a mechanistic framework for in vivo circuit perturbations. In vivo
photostimulation of BNST glutamatergic projections resulted in aversive and
anxiogenic behavioural phenotypes. Conversely, activation of BNST GABAergic
projections produced rewarding and anxiolytic phenotypes, which were also
recapitulated by direct inhibition of VTA GABAergic neurons. These data
demonstrate that functionally opposing BNST to VTA circuits regulate rewarding
and aversive motivational states, and may serve as a crucial circuit node for
bidirectionally normalizing maladaptive behaviours.

DOI: 10.1038/nature12041 
PMCID: PMC3778934
PMID: 23515155  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


125. Nature. 1996 Apr 4;380(6573):446-50.

Role of intercellular interactions in heterosynaptic long-term depression.

Scanziani M(1), Malenka RC, Nicoll RA.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Cellular and Molecular Pharmacology, University of California,
San Francisco, USA.

Bidirectional control of synaptic strength is thought to be important for the
development of neuronal circuits and information storage. The demonstration of
homosynaptic long-term depression greatly enhances the usefulness of the synapse 
as a mnemonic device, but theoreticians have also seen the need for
heterosynaptic decreases in synaptic efficacy, both in neuronal development and
information storage. Indeed, induction of long-term potentiation in one
population of synapses can be associated with a modest depression at neighbouring
inactive synapses in the same population of cells. Here we report that in the CA1
region of the hippocampus this heterosynaptic long-term depression has the
property that its sites of induction and expression occur in different
populations of cells and thus requires the spread of a signal between neurons.
Such a mechanism ensures a widespread distribution of this form of plasticity.

DOI: 10.1038/380446a0 
PMID: 8602244  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


126. Nature. 2013 Jan 10;493(7431):211-5. doi: 10.1038/nature11731.

Carbon-dioxide-rich silicate melt in the Earth's upper mantle.

Dasgupta R(1), Mallik A, Tsuno K, Withers AC, Hirth G, Hirschmann MM.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Earth Science, Rice University, Houston, Texas 77005, USA.
Rajdeep.Dasgupta@rice.edu

The onset of melting in the Earth's upper mantle influences the thermal evolution
of the planet, fluxes of key volatiles to the exosphere, and geochemical and
geophysical properties of the mantle. Although carbonatitic melt could be stable 
250 km or less beneath mid-oceanic ridges, owing to the small fraction (∼0.03
wt%) its effects on the mantle properties are unclear. Geophysical measurements, 
however, suggest that melts of greater volume may be present at ∼200 km (refs
3-5) but large melt fractions are thought to be restricted to shallower depths.
Here we present experiments on carbonated peridotites over 2-5 GPa that constrain
the location and the slope of the onset of silicate melting in the mantle. We
find that the pressure-temperature slope of carbonated silicate melting is
steeper than the solidus of volatile-free peridotite and that silicate melting of
dry peridotite + CO(2) beneath ridges commences at ∼180 km. Accounting for the
effect of 50-200 p.p.m. H(2)O on freezing point depression, the onset of silicate
melting for a sub-ridge mantle with ∼100 p.p.m. CO(2) becomes as deep as
∼220-300 km. We suggest that, on a global scale, carbonated silicate melt
generation at a redox front ∼250-200 km deep, with destabilization of metal and
majorite in the upwelling mantle, explains the oceanic low-velocity zone and the 
electrical conductivity structure of the mantle. In locally oxidized domains,
deeper carbonated silicate melt may contribute to the seismic X-discontinuity.
Furthermore, our results, along with the electrical conductivity of molten
carbonated peridotite and that of the oceanic upper mantle, suggest that mantle
at depth is CO(2)-rich but H(2)O-poor. Finally, carbonated silicate melts
restrict the stability of carbonatite in the Earth's deep upper mantle, and the
inventory of carbon, H(2)O and other highly incompatible elements at ridges
becomes controlled by the flux of the former.

DOI: 10.1038/nature11731 
PMID: 23302861  [PubMed]


127. Nature. 2010 Aug 12;466(7308):E3-4; discussion E4-5. doi: 10.1038/nature09217.

The prion protein as a receptor for amyloid-beta.

Kessels HW(1), Nguyen LN, Nabavi S, Malinow R.

Author information: 
(1)Center for Neural Circuits and Behavior, 9500 Gilman Drive 0634, University of
California at San Diego, La Jolla, California 92093, USA.

Comment on
    Nature. 2009 Feb 26;457(7233):1128-32.

Increased levels of brain amyloid-beta, a secreted peptide cleavage product of
amyloid precursor protein (APP), is believed to be critical in the aetiology of
Alzheimer's disease. Increased amyloid-beta can cause synaptic depression, reduce
the number of spine protrusions (that is, sites of synaptic contacts) and block
long-term synaptic potentiation (LTP), a form of synaptic plasticity; however,
the receptor through which amyloid-beta produces these synaptic perturbations has
remained elusive. Laurén et al. suggested that binding between oligomeric
amyloid-beta (a form of amyloid-beta thought to be most active) and the cellular 
prion protein (PrP(C)) is necessary for synaptic perturbations. Here we show that
PrP(C) is not required for amyloid-beta-induced synaptic depression, reduction in
spine density, or blockade of LTP; our results indicate that
amyloid-beta-mediated synaptic defects do not require PrP(c).

DOI: 10.1038/nature09217 
PMCID: PMC3057871
PMID: 20703260  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


128. Nature. 2000 Feb 24;403(6772):826.

And there's no proof of lasting brain damage.

Abrams R.

Comment on
    Nature. 2000 Jan 20;403(6767):242.

DOI: 10.1038/35002778 
PMID: 10706258  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


129. Nature. 1997 May 29;387(6632):497-500.

Behavioural stress facilitates the induction of long-term depression in the
hippocampus.

Xu L(1), Anwyl R, Rowan MJ.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland.

The induction of activity-dependent persistent increases in synaptic efficacy,
such as long-term potentiation (LTP), is inhibited by behavioural stress. The
question arises whether stress also affects the ability to induce persistent
decreases in synaptic efficacy, such as long-term depression (LTD). We now report
that the induction of stable homosynaptic LTD in the CA1 area of the hippocampus 
of awake adult rats is facilitated, rather than inhibited, by exposure to mild
naturalistic stress. The same stress blocked the induction of LTP. The effects of
such stress were short lasting: acclimatization to, or removal from, the
conditions that facilitated LTD induction led to a rapid loss of the ability to
elicit this form of plasticity. The time window in which LTD could be reliably
elicited was prolonged by inducing anaesthesia immediately after the stress.
These data reveal that even brief exposure to mild stress can produce a striking 
shift in the susceptibility to synaptic plasticity in the awake animal.

DOI: 10.1038/387497a0 
PMID: 9168111  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


130. Nature. 1997 Jul 31;388(6641):427-8.

Neurobiology. Long-distance long-term depression.

Nicoll RA, Malenka RC.

Comment on
    Nature. 1997 Jul 31;388(6641):439-48.

DOI: 10.1038/41222 
PMID: 9242398  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


131. Nature. 2011 Jun 15;475(7355):249-53. doi: 10.1038/nature10180.

Subunit arrangement and phenylethanolamine binding in GluN1/GluN2B NMDA
receptors.

Karakas E(1), Simorowski N, Furukawa H.

Author information: 
(1)Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, WM Keck Structural Biology Laboratory, 1
Bungtown Road, Cold Spring Harbor, New York 11724, USA.

Since it was discovered that the anti-hypertensive agent ifenprodil has
neuroprotective activity through its effects on NMDA (N-methyl-D-aspartate)
receptors, a determined effort has been made to understand the mechanism of
action and to develop improved therapeutic compounds on the basis of this
knowledge. Neurotransmission mediated by NMDA receptors is essential for basic
brain development and function. These receptors form heteromeric ion channels and
become activated after concurrent binding of glycine and glutamate to the GluN1
and GluN2 subunits, respectively. A functional hallmark of NMDA receptors is that
their ion-channel activity is allosterically regulated by binding of small
compounds to the amino-terminal domain (ATD) in a subtype-specific manner.
Ifenprodil and related phenylethanolamine compounds, which specifically inhibit
GluN1 and GluN2B NMDA receptors, have been intensely studied for their potential 
use in the treatment of various neurological disorders and diseases, including
depression, Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. Despite considerable
enthusiasm, mechanisms underlying the recognition of phenylethanolamines and
ATD-mediated allosteric inhibition remain limited owing to a lack of structural
information. Here we report that the GluN1 and GluN2B ATDs form a heterodimer and
that phenylethanolamine binds at the interface between GluN1 and GluN2B, rather
than within the GluN2B cleft. The crystal structure of the heterodimer formed
between the GluN1b ATD from Xenopus laevis and the GluN2B ATD from Rattus
norvegicus shows a highly distinct pattern of subunit arrangement that is
different from the arrangements observed in homodimeric non-NMDA receptors and
reveals the molecular determinants for phenylethanolamine binding. Restriction of
domain movement in the bi-lobed structure of the GluN2B ATD, by engineering of an
inter-subunit disulphide bond, markedly decreases sensitivity to ifenprodil,
indicating that conformational freedom in the GluN2B ATD is essential for
ifenprodil-mediated allosteric inhibition of NMDA receptors. These findings pave 
the way for improving the design of subtype-specific compounds with therapeutic
value for neurological disorders and diseases.

©2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved

DOI: 10.1038/nature10180 
PMCID: PMC3171209
PMID: 21677647  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


132. Nature. 2011 Mar 17;471(7338):358-62. doi: 10.1038/nature09820. Epub 2011 Mar 9.

Amygdala circuitry mediating reversible and bidirectional control of anxiety.

Tye KM(1), Prakash R, Kim SY, Fenno LE, Grosenick L, Zarabi H, Thompson KR,
Gradinaru V, Ramakrishnan C, Deisseroth K.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Bioengineering, Stanford University, Stanford, California 94305,
USA.

Anxiety--a sustained state of heightened apprehension in the absence of immediate
threat--becomes severely debilitating in disease states. Anxiety disorders
represent the most common of psychiatric diseases (28% lifetime prevalence) and
contribute to the aetiology of major depression and substance abuse. Although it 
has been proposed that the amygdala, a brain region important for emotional
processing, has a role in anxiety, the neural mechanisms that control anxiety
remain unclear. Here we explore the neural circuits underlying anxiety-related
behaviours by using optogenetics with two-photon microscopy, anxiety assays in
freely moving mice, and electrophysiology. With the capability of optogenetics to
control not only cell types but also specific connections between cells, we
observed that temporally precise optogenetic stimulation of basolateral amygdala 
(BLA) terminals in the central nucleus of the amygdala (CeA)--achieved by viral
transduction of the BLA with a codon-optimized channelrhodopsin followed by
restricted illumination in the downstream CeA--exerted an acute, reversible
anxiolytic effect. Conversely, selective optogenetic inhibition of the same
projection with a third-generation halorhodopsin (eNpHR3.0) increased
anxiety-related behaviours. Importantly, these effects were not observed with
direct optogenetic control of BLA somata, possibly owing to recruitment of
antagonistic downstream structures. Together, these results implicate specific
BLA-CeA projections as critical circuit elements for acute anxiety control in the
mammalian brain, and demonstrate the importance of optogenetically targeting
defined projections, beyond simply targeting cell types, in the study of circuit 
function relevant to neuropsychiatric disease.

DOI: 10.1038/nature09820 
PMCID: PMC3154022
PMID: 21389985  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


133. Nature. 1979 Mar 22;278(5702):357-8.

Deficient production of tyramine and octopamine in cases of depression.

Sandler M, Ruthven CR, Goodwin BL, Reynolds GP, Rao VA, Coppen A.


PMID: 370611  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


134. Nature. 1977 Apr 21;266(5604):730-2.

Depression: a new animal model sensitive to antidepressant treatments.

Porsolt RD, Le Pichon M, Jalfre M.


PMID: 559941  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


135. Nature. 1971 Apr 2;230(5292):330-1.

Catecholamine metabolism, depression and stress.

Maas JW, Dekirmenjian H, Fawcett J.


PMID: 5549410  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


136. Nature. 1978 Aug 3;274(5670):512-3.

Swimming rats and human depression.

Hawkins J, Hicks RA, Phillips N, Moore JD.


PMID: 672980  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


137. Nature. 1960 Jul 2;187:71-2.

Bone marrow depression in murine leukaemia.

DUHIG JT.


PMID: 13818518  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


138. Nature. 2009 Nov 19;462(7271):350-2. doi: 10.1038/nature08496. Epub 2009 Oct 21.

Mutation load and rapid adaptation favour outcrossing over self-fertilization.

Morran LT(1), Parmenter MD, Phillips PC.

Author information: 
(1)Center for Ecology & Evolutionary Biology, 5289 University of Oregon, Eugene, 
Oregon 97403-5289, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 2009 Nov 19;462(7271):294-5.

The tendency of organisms to reproduce by cross-fertilization despite numerous
disadvantages relative to self-fertilization is one of the oldest puzzles in
evolutionary biology. For many species, the primary obstacle to the evolution of 
outcrossing is the cost of production of males, individuals that do not directly 
contribute offspring and thus diminish the long-term reproductive output of a
lineage. Self-fertilizing ('selfing') organisms do not incur the cost of males
and therefore should possess at least a twofold numerical advantage over most
outcrossing organisms. Two competing explanations for the widespread prevalence
of outcrossing in nature despite this inherent disadvantage are the avoidance of 
inbreeding depression generated by selfing and the ability of outcrossing
populations to adapt more rapidly to environmental change. Here we show that
outcrossing is favoured in populations of Caenorhabditis elegans subject to
experimental evolution both under conditions of increased mutation rate and
during adaptation to a novel environment. In general, fitness increased with
increasing rates of outcrossing. Thus, each of the standard explanations for the 
maintenance of outcrossing are correct, and it is likely that outcrossing is the 
predominant mode of reproduction in most species because it is favoured under
ecological conditions that are ubiquitous in natural environments.

DOI: 10.1038/nature08496 
PMCID: PMC4183137
PMID: 19847164  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


139. Nature. 2009 Mar 26;458(7237):534-7. doi: 10.1038/nature07768. Epub 2009 Mar 1.

Nicotine binding to brain receptors requires a strong cation-pi interaction.

Xiu X(1), Puskar NL, Shanata JA, Lester HA, Dougherty DA.

Author information: 
(1)Division of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, California Institute of
Technology, 1200 East California Boulevard, Pasadena, California 91125, USA.

Nicotine addiction begins with high-affinity binding of nicotine to acetylcholine
(ACh) receptors in the brain. The end result is over 4,000,000 smoking-related
deaths annually worldwide and the largest source of preventable mortality in
developed countries. Stress reduction, pleasure, improved cognition and other
central nervous system effects are strongly associated with smoking. However, if 
nicotine activated ACh receptors found in muscle as potently as it does brain ACh
receptors, smoking would cause intolerable and perhaps fatal muscle contractions.
Despite extensive pharmacological, functional and structural studies of ACh
receptors, the basis for the differential action of nicotine on brain compared
with muscle ACh receptors has not been determined. Here we show that at the
alpha4beta2 brain receptors thought to underlie nicotine addiction, the high
affinity for nicotine is the result of a strong cation-pi interaction to a
specific aromatic amino acid of the receptor, TrpB. In contrast, the low affinity
for nicotine at the muscle-type ACh receptor is largely due to the fact that this
key interaction is absent, even though the immediate binding site residues,
including the key amino acid TrpB, are identical in the brain and muscle
receptors. At the same time a hydrogen bond from nicotine to the backbone
carbonyl of TrpB is enhanced in the neuronal receptor relative to the muscle
type. A point mutation near TrpB that differentiates alpha4beta2 and muscle-type 
receptors seems to influence the shape of the binding site, allowing nicotine to 
interact more strongly with TrpB in the neuronal receptor. ACh receptors are
established therapeutic targets for Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia,
Parkinson's disease, smoking cessation, pain, attention-deficit hyperactivity
disorder, epilepsy, autism and depression. Along with solving a chemical mystery 
in nicotine addiction, our results provide guidance for efforts to develop drugs 
that target specific types of nicotinic receptors.

DOI: 10.1038/nature07768 
PMCID: PMC2755585
PMID: 19252481  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


140. Nature. 2005 Mar 10;434(7030):221-5.

Spike-timing-dependent synaptic plasticity depends on dendritic location.

Froemke RC(1), Poo MM, Dan Y.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Molecular and Cell Biology and Helen Wills Neuroscience
Institute, University of California, Berkeley, California 94720-3200, USA.

In the neocortex, each neuron receives thousands of synaptic inputs distributed
across an extensive dendritic tree. Although postsynaptic processing of each
input is known to depend on its dendritic location, it is unclear whether
activity-dependent synaptic modification is also location-dependent. Here we
report that both the magnitude and the temporal specificity of
spike-timing-dependent synaptic modification vary along the apical dendrite of
rat cortical layer 2/3 pyramidal neurons. At the distal dendrite, the magnitude
of long-term potentiation is smaller, and the window of pre-/postsynaptic spike
interval for long-term depression (LTD) is broader. The spike-timing window for
LTD correlates with the window of action potential-induced suppression of NMDA
(N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptors; this correlation applies to both their
dendritic location-dependence and pharmacological properties. Presynaptic
stimulation with partial blockade of NMDA receptors induced LTD and occluded
further induction of spike-timing-dependent LTD, suggesting that NMDA receptor
suppression underlies LTD induction. Computer simulation studies showed that the 
dendritic inhomogeneity of spike-timing-dependent synaptic modification leads to 
differential input selection at distal and proximal dendrites according to the
temporal characteristics of presynaptic spike trains. Such location-dependent
tuning of inputs, together with the dendritic heterogeneity of postsynaptic
processing, could enhance the computational capacity of cortical pyramidal
neurons.

DOI: 10.1038/nature03366 
PMID: 15759002  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


141. Nature. 2008 Dec 4;456(7222):620-3. doi: 10.1038/nature07466.

Atmospheric structure and dynamics as the cause of ultraviolet markings in the
clouds of Venus.

Titov DV(1), Taylor FW, Svedhem H, Ignatiev NI, Markiewicz WJ, Piccioni G,
Drossart P.

Author information: 
(1)Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research (MPS), Max-Planck-Strasse 2,
37191 Katlenburg-Lindau, Germany. Titov@mps.mpg.de

When seen in ultraviolet light, Venus has contrast features that arise from the
non-uniform distribution of unknown absorbers within the sulphuric acid clouds
and seem to trace dynamical activity in the middle atmosphere. It has long been
unclear whether the global pattern arises from differences in cloud top altitude 
(which was earlier estimated to be 66-72 km), compositional variations or
temperature contrasts. Here we report multi-wavelength imaging that reveals that 
the dark low latitudes are dominated by convective mixing which brings the
ultraviolet absorbers up from depth. The bright and uniform mid-latitude clouds
reside in the 'cold collar', an annulus of cold air characterized by
approximately 30 K lower temperatures with a positive lapse rate, which
suppresses vertical mixing and cuts off the supply of ultraviolet absorbers from 
below. In low and middle latitudes, the visible cloud top is located at a
remarkably constant altitude of 72 +/- 1 km in both the ultraviolet dark and
bright regions, indicating that the brightness variations result from
compositional differences caused by the colder environment rather than by
elevation changes. The cloud top descends to approximately 64 km in the eye of
the hemispheric vortex, which appears as a depression in the upper cloud deck.
The ultraviolet dark circular streaks enclose the vortex eye and are dynamically 
connected to it.

DOI: 10.1038/nature07466 
PMID: 19052623  [PubMed]


142. Nature. 2008 Oct 9;455(7214):786-9. doi: 10.1038/nature07322.

Tibetan plateau river incision inhibited by glacial stabilization of the Tsangpo 
gorge.

Korup O(1), Montgomery DR.

Author information: 
(1)Swiss Federal Research Institutes WSL/SLF, Flüelastr. 11, CH-7260 Davos,
Switzerland. korup@slf.ch

Comment in
    Nature. 2008 Oct 9;455(7214):748-9.

A considerable amount of research has focused on how and when the Tibetan plateau
formed in the wake of tectonic convergence between India and Asia. Although far
less enquiry has addressed the controls on river incision into the plateau
itself, widely accepted theory predicts that steep fluvial knick points (river
reaches with very steep gradients) in the eastern Himalayan syntaxis at the
southeastern plateau margin should erode rapidly, driving a wave of incision back
into the plateau. Preservation of the plateau edge thus presents something of a
conundrum that may be resolved by invoking either differential rock uplift
matching erosional decay, or other mechanisms for retarding bedrock river
incision in this region where high stream power excludes the potential for
aridity as a simple limit to dissection of the plateau. Here we report
morphologic evidence showing that Quaternary depression of the regional
equilibrium line altitude, where long-term glacier mass gain equals mass loss,
was sufficient to repeatedly form moraine dams on major rivers: such damming
substantially impeded river incision into the southeastern edge of the Tibetan
plateau through the coupled effects of upstream impoundment and interglacial
aggradation. Such glacial stabilization of the resulting highly focused river
incision centred on the Tsangpo gorge could further contribute to initiating and 
accentuating a locus of rapid exhumation, known as tectonic anaeurysm.

DOI: 10.1038/nature07322 
PMID: 18843366  [PubMed]


143. Nature. 2006 Sep 7;443(7107):81-4. Epub 2006 Aug 23.

Potentiation of cortical inhibition by visual deprivation.

Maffei A(1), Nataraj K, Nelson SB, Turrigiano GG.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biology and Center for Behavioral Genomics, Brandeis University,
Waltham, Massachusetts 02454, USA.

The fine-tuning of circuits in sensory cortex requires sensory experience during 
an early critical period. Visual deprivation during the critical period has
catastrophic effects on visual function, including loss of visual responsiveness 
to the deprived eye, reduced visual acuity, and loss of tuning to many stimulus
characteristics. These changes occur faster than the remodelling of
thalamocortical axons, but the intracortical plasticity mechanisms that underlie 
them are incompletely understood. Long-term depression of excitatory
intracortical synapses has been proposed as a general candidate mechanism for the
loss of cortical responsiveness after visual deprivation. Alternatively (or in
addition), the decreased ability of the deprived eye to activate cortical neurons
could be due to enhanced intracortical inhibition. Here we show that visual
deprivation leaves excitatory connections in layer 4 (the primary input layer to 
cortex) unaffected, but markedly potentiates inhibitory feedback between
fast-spiking basket cells (FS cells) and star pyramidal neurons (star pyramids). 
Further, a previously undescribed form of long-term potentiation of inhibition
(LTPi) could be induced at synapses from FS cells to star pyramids, and was
occluded by previous visual deprivation. These data suggest that potentiation of 
inhibition is a major cellular mechanism underlying the deprivation-induced
degradation of visual function, and that this form of LTPi is important in
fine-tuning cortical circuitry in response to visual experience.

DOI: 10.1038/nature05079 
PMID: 16929304  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


144. Nature. 2004 Jun 24;429(6994):878-83.

Rapid BDNF-induced retrograde synaptic modification in a developing retinotectal 
system.

Du JL(1), Poo MM.

Author information: 
(1)Division of Neurobiology, Department of Molecular and Cell Biology, Helen
Wills Neuroscience Institute, University of California, Berkeley, California
94720, USA.

In cultures of hippocampal neurons, induction of long-term synaptic potentiation 
or depression by repetitive synaptic activity is accompanied by a retrograde
spread of potentiation or depression, respectively, from the site of induction at
the axonal outputs to the input synapses on the dendrites of the presynaptic
neuron. We report here that rapid retrograde synaptic modification also exists in
an intact developing retinotectal system. Local application of brain-derived
neurotrophic factor (BDNF) to the Xenopus laevis optic tectum, which induced
persistent potentiation of retinotectal synapses, led to a rapid modification of 
synaptic inputs at the dendrites of retinal ganglion cells (RGCs), as shown by a 
persistent enhancement of light-evoked excitatory synaptic currents and spiking
activity of RGCs. This retrograde effect required TrkB receptor activation,
phospholipase Cgamma activity and Ca2+ elevation in RGCs, and was accounted for
by a selective increase in the number of postsynaptic AMPA-subtype glutamate
receptors at RGC dendrites. Such retrograde information flow in the neuron allows
rapid regulation of synaptic inputs at the dendrite in accordance to signals
received at axon terminals, a process reminiscent of back-propagation algorithm
for learning in neural networks.

DOI: 10.1038/nature02618 
PMID: 15215865  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


145. Nature. 2006 Apr 20;440(7087):1054-9. Epub 2006 Mar 19.

Synaptic scaling mediated by glial TNF-alpha.

Stellwagen D(1), Malenka RC.

Author information: 
(1)Nancy Pritzker Laboratory, Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences,
Stanford University School of Medicine, Palo Alto, California 94304-5485, USA.

Two general forms of synaptic plasticity that operate on different timescales are
thought to contribute to the activity-dependent refinement of neural circuitry
during development: (1) long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression
(LTD), which involve rapid adjustments in the strengths of individual synapses in
response to specific patterns of correlated synaptic activity, and (2)
homeostatic synaptic scaling, which entails uniform adjustments in the strength
of all synapses on a cell in response to prolonged changes in the cell's
electrical activity. Without homeostatic synaptic scaling, neural networks can
become unstable and perform suboptimally. Although much is known about the
mechanisms underlying LTP and LTD, little is known about the mechanisms
responsible for synaptic scaling except that such scaling is due, at least in
part, to alterations in receptor content at synapses. Here we show that synaptic 
scaling in response to prolonged blockade of activity is mediated by the
pro-inflammatory cytokine tumour-necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha). Using
mixtures of wild-type and TNF-alpha-deficient neurons and glia, we also show that
glia are the source of the TNF-alpha that is required for this form of synaptic
scaling. We suggest that by modulating TNF-alpha levels, glia actively
participate in the homeostatic activity-dependent regulation of synaptic
connectivity.

DOI: 10.1038/nature04671 
PMID: 16547515  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


146. Nature. 2007 Dec 13;450(7172):1050-3.

A dynamic, rotating ring current around Saturn.

Krimigis SM(1), Sergis N, Mitchell DG, Hamilton DC, Krupp N.

Author information: 
(1)The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, Laurel, Maryland
20723, USA. tom.krimigis@jhuapl.edu

The concept of an electrical current encircling the Earth at high altitudes was
first proposed in 1917 to explain the depression of the horizontal component of
the Earth's magnetic field during geomagnetic storms. In situ measurements of the
extent and composition of this current were made some 50 years later and an image
was obtained in 2001 (ref. 6). Ring currents of a different nature were observed 
at Jupiter and their presence inferred at Saturn. Here we report images of the
ring current at Saturn, together with a day-night pressure asymmetry and tilt of 
the planet's plasma sheet, based on measurements using the magnetospheric imaging
instrument (MIMI) on board Cassini. The ring current can be highly variable with 
strong longitudinal asymmetries that corotate nearly rigidly with the planet.
This contrasts with the Earth's ring current, where there is no rotational
modulation and initial asymmetries are organized by local time effects.

DOI: 10.1038/nature06425 
PMID: 18075586  [PubMed]


147. Nature. 1974 Jan 18;247(5437):160-2.

Metabolic adaptation in the manic-depressive.

Gordon MW, van der Velde CD.


PMID: 4810227  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


148. Nature. 2007 Nov 1;450(7166):102-5. Epub 2007 Oct 24.

Neural mechanisms mediating optimism bias.

Sharot T(1), Riccardi AM, Raio CM, Phelps EA.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychology, New York University, New York 10003, USA.

Humans expect positive events in the future even when there is no evidence to
support such expectations. For example, people expect to live longer and be
healthier than average, they underestimate their likelihood of getting a divorce,
and overestimate their prospects for success on the job market. We examined how
the brain generates this pervasive optimism bias. Here we report that this
tendency was related specifically to enhanced activation in the amygdala and in
the rostral anterior cingulate cortex when imagining positive future events
relative to negative ones, suggesting a key role for areas involved in monitoring
emotional salience in mediating the optimism bias. These are the same regions
that show irregularities in depression, which has been related to pessimism.
Across individuals, activity in the rostral anterior cingulate cortex was
correlated with trait optimism. The current study highlights how the brain may
generate the tendency to engage in the projection of positive future events,
suggesting that the effective integration and regulation of emotional and
autobiographical information supports the projection of positive future events in
healthy individuals, and is related to optimism.

DOI: 10.1038/nature06280 
PMID: 17960136  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


149. Nature. 2007 Aug 23;448(7156):952-6. Epub 2007 Aug 8.

Antidepressant binding site in a bacterial homologue of neurotransmitter
transporters.

Singh SK(1), Yamashita A, Gouaux E.

Author information: 
(1)The Vollum Institute, Oregon Health and Science University, 3181 S.W. Sam
Jackson Road, Portland, Oregon 97239, USA.

Sodium-coupled transporters are ubiquitous pumps that harness pre-existing sodium
gradients to catalyse the thermodynamically unfavourable uptake of essential
nutrients, neurotransmitters and inorganic ions across the lipid bilayer.
Dysfunction of these integral membrane proteins has been implicated in
glucose/galactose malabsorption, congenital hypothyroidism, Bartter's syndrome,
epilepsy, depression, autism and obsessive-compulsive disorder. Sodium-coupled
transporters are blocked by a number of therapeutically important compounds,
including diuretics, anticonvulsants and antidepressants, many of which have also
become indispensable tools in biochemical experiments designed to probe
antagonist binding sites and to elucidate transport mechanisms. Steady-state
kinetic data have revealed that both competitive and noncompetitive modes of
inhibition exist. Antagonist dissociation experiments on the serotonin
transporter (SERT) have also unveiled the existence of a low-affinity allosteric 
site that slows the dissociation of inhibitors from a separate high-affinity
site. Despite these strides, atomic-level insights into inhibitor action have
remained elusive. Here we screen a panel of molecules for their ability to
inhibit LeuT, a prokaryotic homologue of mammalian neurotransmitter sodium
symporters, and show that the tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) clomipramine
noncompetitively inhibits substrate uptake. Cocrystal structures show that
clomipramine, along with two other TCAs, binds in an extracellular-facing
vestibule about 11 A above the substrate and two sodium ions, apparently
stabilizing the extracellular gate in a closed conformation. Off-rate assays
establish that clomipramine reduces the rate at which leucine dissociates from
LeuT and reinforce our contention that this TCA inhibits LeuT by slowing
substrate release. Our results represent a molecular view into noncompetitive
inhibition of a sodium-coupled transporter and define principles for the rational
design of new inhibitors.

DOI: 10.1038/nature06038 
PMID: 17687333  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


150. Nature. 1977 Jul 28;268(5618):327-9.

Adoption study supporting genetic transmission in manic--depressive illness.

Mendlewicz J, Rainer JD.


PMID: 887159  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


151. Nature. 2006 Nov 23;444(7118):486-9. Epub 2006 Nov 15.

Endogenous neurosteroids regulate GABAA receptors through two discrete
transmembrane sites.

Hosie AM(1), Wilkins ME, da Silva HM, Smart TG.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Pharmacology, University College London, Gower Street, London
WC1E 6BT, UK. t.smart@ucl.ac.uk

Inhibitory neurotransmission mediated by GABA(A) receptors can be modulated by
the endogenous neurosteroids, allopregnanolone and
tetrahydro-deoxycorticosterone. Neurosteroids are synthesized de novo in the
brain during stress, pregnancyand after ethanol consumption, and disrupted
steroid regulation of GABAergic transmission is strongly implicated in several
debilitating conditions such as panic disorder, major depression, schizophrenia, 
alcohol dependence and catamenial epilepsy. Determining how neurosteroids
interact with the GABA(A) receptor is a prerequisite for understanding their
physiological and pathophysiological roles in the brain. Here we identify two
discrete binding sites in the receptor's transmembrane domains that mediate the
potentiating and direct activation effects of neurosteroids. They potentiate GABA
responses from a cavity formed by the alpha-subunit transmembrane domains,
whereas direct receptor activation is initiated by interfacial residues between
alpha and beta subunits and is enhanced by steroid binding to the potentiation
site. Thus, significant receptor activation by neurosteroids relies on occupancy 
of both the activation and potentiation sites. These sites are highly conserved
throughout the GABA(A )receptor family, and their identification provides a
unique opportunity for the development of new therapeutic, neurosteroid-based
ligands and transgenic disease models of neurosteroid dysfunction.

DOI: 10.1038/nature05324 
PMID: 17108970  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


152. Nature. 1994 Jun 9;369(6480):486-8.

Involvement of a calcineurin/inhibitor-1 phosphatase cascade in hippocampal
long-term depression.

Mulkey RM(1), Endo S, Shenolikar S, Malenka RC.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry, University of California, San Francisco 94143-0984.

Long-term potentiation (LTP) is a synaptic mechanism thought to be involved in
learning and memory. Long-term depression (LTD), an activity-dependent decrease
in synaptic efficacy, may be an equally important mechanism which permits neural 
networks to store information more effectively. One form of LTD that has been
observed in the hippocampus requires activation of postsynaptic NMDA
(N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptors, a change in postsynaptic calcium concentration,
and activation of postsynaptic serine/threonine protein phosphatase 1 (PP1) or 2A
(PP2A). The mechanism by which PP1 or PP2A is regulated by synaptic activity is
unclear because these protein phosphatases are not directly influenced by calcium
concentration. LTD induction may require activation of a more complex protein
phosphatase cascade consisting of the Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein
phosphatase, calcineurin, its phosphoprotein substrate, inhibitor-1, and PP1. We 
tested this hypothesis using calcineurin inhibitors as well as different forms of
inhibitor-1 loaded into postsynaptic cells. Our results suggest a signalling
pathway in which calcineurin dephosphorylates and inactivates inhibitor-1. This
in turn increases PP1 activity and contributes to the generation of LTD.

DOI: 10.1038/369486a0 
PMID: 7515479  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


153. Nature. 1971 Jan 8;229(5280):135-6.

Regular induction of hypomania by L-dopa in "bipolar" manic-depressive patients.

Murphy DL, Brodie HK, Goodwin FK, Bunney WE Jr.


PMID: 4321339  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


154. Nature. 1983 Oct 20-26;305(5936):717-9.

Asymmetric relationships between homosynaptic long-term potentiation and
heterosynaptic long-term depression.

Abraham WC, Goddard GV.

All synaptically-based neuropsychological theories of learning postulate that
there are changes resulting from neural activity which are long-lasting and
confined to specific sets of synapses. In the past decade a form of synaptic
strengthening known as long-term potentiation (LTP) has been found which results 
from high-frequency neural activity and is of sufficient duration to model as a
learning mechanism. Some early tests of the synaptic specificity of LTP in area
CA1 of the hippocampus indicated that although LTP was specific to the tetanized 
pathway, in a converging untetanized pathway it was associated with depression of
synaptic transmission lasting for at least 30 min. However, others have found
that this heterosynaptic depression more usually decays within 5-15 min
post-tetanus despite the maintenance of LTP in the tetanized pathway. Similarly, 
in the dentate gyrus (DG), LTP of either the lateral (LPP) or medial (MPP)
components of the perforant path afferents has been associated with only
short-lasting reciprocal heterosynaptic depression. Here, using more detailed
measurement of stimulus intensity curves, we report that tetanization of either
MPP or LPP reliably depresses synaptic transmission in the other pathway for at
least 3 h. This heterosynaptic depression, considerably smaller than the usual
magnitude of LTP, was obtained regardless of whether LTP had been produced in the
tetanized homosynaptic pathway. Heterosynaptic long-term depression was not
observed if the test pathway had been previously tetanized.


PMID: 6633640  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


155. Nature. 1989 May 25;339(6222):305-9.

No linkage of chromosome 5q11-q13 markers to schizophrenia in Scottish families.

St Clair D(1), Blackwood D, Muir W, Baillie D, Hubbard A, Wright A, Evans HJ.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry, University of Edinburgh, UK.

Recent work suggests that an autosomal dominant gene for schizophrenia may be
located on the 5q11-q13 region of chromosome 5 (refs 1 and 2): a report of
schizophrenia associated with trisomy 5q11-q13 in two members of a family of
Chinese origin prompted the discovery of linkage with markers p105-599Ha and
p105-153Ra in five Icelandic and two English schizophrenic families. The
strongest linkage was observed when the phenotype was broadly defined to include 
minor psychiatric diagnoses not traditionally considered part of the
schizophrenia spectrum. By contrast, no evidence was found of linkage in a single
multiplex Swedish schizophrenic pedigree. To determine whether these conflicting 
results arise from genetic and/or uncertainties in defining the schizophrenic
phenotype, we examined fifteen Scottish schizophrenic families with restriction
fragment length polymorphisms that span this region. We found no evidence for
linkage, regardless of how broadly or narrowly the schizophrenic phenotype is
defined, and conclude that a susceptibility locus, whose presence awaits
confirmation, on the proximal portion of the long arm of chromosome 5 can be
responsible for only a minority of cases of familial schizophrenia.

DOI: 10.1038/339305a0 
PMID: 2725644  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


156. Nature. 2003 Nov 20;426(6964):285-91. Epub 2003 Nov 12.

Activation of the TRPC1 cation channel by metabotropic glutamate receptor mGluR1.

Kim SJ(1), Kim YS, Yuan JP, Petralia RS, Worley PF, Linden DJ.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neuroscience, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, 725
N. Wolfe Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21205, USA.

Group I metabotropic glutamate receptors (consisting of mGluR1 and mGluR5) are
G-protein-coupled neurotransmitter receptors that are found in the perisynaptic
region of the postsynaptic membrane. These receptors are not activated by single 
synaptic volleys but rather require bursts of activity. They are implicated in
many forms of neural plasticity including hippocampal long-term potentiation and 
depression, cerebellar long-term depression, associative learning, and cocaine
addiction. When activated, group I mGluRs engage two G-protein-dependent
signalling mechanisms: stimulation of phospholipase C and activation of an
unidentified, mixed-cation excitatory postsynaptic conductance (EPSC), displaying
slow activation, in the plasma membrane. Here we report that the mGluR1-evoked
slow EPSC is mediated by the TRPC1 cation channel. TRPC1 is expressed in
perisynaptic regions of the cerebellar parallel fibre-Purkinje cell synapse and
is physically associated with mGluR1. Manipulations that interfere with TRPC1
block the mGluR1-evoked slow EPSC in Purkinje cells; however, fast transmission
mediated by AMPA-type glutamate receptors remains unaffected. Furthermore,
co-expression of mGluR1 and TRPC1 in a heterologous system reconstituted a
mGluR1-evoked conductance that closely resembles the slow EPSC in Purkinje cells.

DOI: 10.1038/nature02162 
PMID: 14614461  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


157. Nature. 2003 Aug 14;424(6950):775-8.

Direct modulation of synaptic vesicle priming by GABA(B) receptor activation at a
glutamatergic synapse.

Sakaba T(1), Neher E.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Membrane Biophysics, Max Planck Institute for Biophysical
Chemistry, Göttingen 37077, Germany.

Second messenger cascades involving G proteins and calcium are known to modulate 
neurotransmitter release. A prominent effect of such a cascade is the
downmodulation of presynaptic calcium influx, which markedly reduces evoked
neurotransmitter release. Here we show that G-protein-mediated signalling, such
as through GABA (gamma-amino butyric acid) subtype B (GABA(B)) receptors, retards
the recruitment of synaptic vesicles during sustained activity and after
short-term depression. This retardation occurs through a lowering of cyclic AMP, 
which blocks the stimulatory effect of increased calcium concentration on vesicle
recruitment. In this signalling pathway, cAMP (functioning through the
cAMP-dependent guanine nucleotide exchange factor) and calcium/calmodulin
cooperate to enhance vesicle priming. The differential modulation of the two
forms of synaptic plasticity, presynaptic inhibition and calcium-dependent
recovery from synaptic depression, is expected to have interesting consequences
for the dynamic behaviour of neural networks.

DOI: 10.1038/nature01859 
PMID: 12917685  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


158. Nature. 1991 Jan 24;349(6307):326-8.

Endogenous nitric oxide release required for long-term synaptic depression in the
cerebellum.

Shibuki K(1), Okada D.

Author information: 
(1)Laboratory for Neural Networks, Frontier Research Program, RIKEN, Saitama,
Japan.

Conjunctive stimulation of climbing and parallel fibres in the cerebellum evokes 
a long-term depression of parallel-fibre Purkinje-cell transmission, a phenomenon
implicated as the cellular mechanism for cerebellar motor learning. It is
suspected that the increase in cyclic GMP concentration that occurs after
activation of climbing fibres is required to evoke long-term depression.
Excitatory amino acids are known to cause the release of nitric oxide (NO),
resulting in elevation of the cGMP level in the cerebellum. Here we report that
endogenous NO is released after stimulation of climbing fibres, that long-term
depression evoked by conjunctive stimulation of parallel and climbing fibres is
blocked by haemoglobin (which strongly binds NO) or L-NG-monomethyl-arginine (an 
inhibitor of NO synthase), and that exogenous NO or cGMP can substitute for the
stimulation of climbing fibres to cause long-term depression in rat cerebellar
slices. These results demonstrate that the release of endogenous NO is essential 
for the induction of synaptic plasticity in the cerebellum.

DOI: 10.1038/349326a0 
PMID: 1702879  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


159. Nature. 2005 Mar 17;434(7031):356-61.

Discovery of a flank caldera and very young glacial activity at Hecates Tholus,
Mars.

Hauber E(1), van Gasselt S, Ivanov B, Werner S, Head JW, Neukum G, Jaumann R,
Greeley R, Mitchell KL, Muller P; HRSC Co-Investigator Team.

Author information: 
(1)Institute of Planetary Research, German Aerospace Center (DLR), 12489 Berlin, 
Germany. Ernst.Hauber@dlr.de

Comment in
    Nature. 2005 Mar 17;434(7031):280-3.

The majority of volcanic products on Mars are thought to be mafic and effusive.
Explosive eruptions of basic to ultrabasic chemistry are expected to be common,
but evidence for them is rare and mostly confined to very old surface features.
Here we present new image and topographic data from the High Resolution Stereo
Camera that reveal previously unknown traces of an explosive eruption at 30
degrees N and 149 degrees E on the northwestern flank of the shield volcano
Hecates Tholus. The eruption created a large, 10-km-diameter caldera
approximately 350 million years ago. We interpret these observations to mean that
large-scale explosive volcanism on Mars was not confined to the planet's early
evolution. We also show that glacial deposits partly fill the caldera and an
adjacent depression. Their age, derived from crater counts, is about 5 to 24
million years. Climate models predict that near-surface ice is not stable at
mid-latitudes today, assuming a thermo-dynamic steady state. Therefore, the
discovery of very young glacial features at Hecates Tholus suggests recent
climate changes. We show that the absolute ages of these very recent glacial
deposits correspond very well to a period of increased obliquity of the planet's 
rotational axis.

DOI: 10.1038/nature03423 
PMID: 15772654  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


160. Nature. 2004 Sep 23;431(7007):453-6.

A frequency-dependent switch from inhibition to excitation in a hippocampal
unitary circuit.

Mori M(1), Abegg MH, Gähwiler BH, Gerber U.

Author information: 
(1)Brain Research Institute, University of Zurich, Winterthurerstrasse 190,
CH-8057 Zurich, Switzerland. mori@hifo.unizh.ch

The hippocampus, a brain structure essential for memory and cognition, is
classically represented as a trisynaptic excitatory circuit. Recent findings
challenge this view, particularly with regard to the mossy fibre input to CA3,
the second synapse in the trisynaptic pathway. Thus, the powerful mossy fibre
input to CA3 pyramidal cells might mediate both synaptic excitation and
inhibition. Here we show, by recording from connected cell pairs in rat
entorhinal-hippocampal slice cultures, that single action potentials in a dentate
granule cell evoke a net inhibitory signal in a pyramidal cell. The
hyperpolarization is due to disynaptic feedforward inhibition, which overwhelms
monosynaptic excitation. Interestingly, this net inhibitory synaptic response
changes to an excitatory signal when the frequency of presynaptic action
potentials increases. The process responsible for this switch involves the
facilitation of monosynaptic excitatory transmission coupled with rapid
depression of inhibitory circuits. This ability to immediately switch the
polarity of synaptic responses constitutes a novel synaptic mechanism, which
might be crucial to the state-dependent processing of information in associative 
hippocampal networks.

DOI: 10.1038/nature02854 
PMID: 15386013  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


161. Nature. 2004 Sep 23;431(7007):415-22.

Impaired PtdIns(4,5)P2 synthesis in nerve terminals produces defects in synaptic 
vesicle trafficking.

Di Paolo G(1), Moskowitz HS, Gipson K, Wenk MR, Voronov S, Obayashi M, Flavell R,
Fitzsimonds RM, Ryan TA, De Camilli P.

Author information: 
(1)Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Yale University School of Medicine, New
Haven, Connecticut 06510, USA.

Phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate (PtdIns(4,5)P2) has an important function
in cell regulation both as a precursor of second messenger molecules and by means
of its direct interactions with cytosolic and membrane proteins. Biochemical
studies have suggested a role for PtdIns(4,5)P2 in clathrin coat dynamics, and
defects in its dephosphorylation at the synapse produce an accumulation of coated
endocytic intermediates. However, the involvement of PtdIns(4,5)P2 in synaptic
vesicle exocytosis remains unclear. Here, we show that decreased levels of
PtdIns(4,5)P2 in the brain and an impairment of its depolarization-dependent
synthesis in nerve terminals lead to early postnatal lethality and synaptic
defects in mice. These include decreased frequency of miniature currents,
enhanced synaptic depression, a smaller readily releasable pool of vesicles,
delayed endocytosis and slower recycling kinetics. Our results demonstrate a
critical role for PtdIns(4,5)P2 synthesis in the regulation of multiple steps of 
the synaptic vesicle cycle.

DOI: 10.1038/nature02896 
PMID: 15386003  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


162. Nature. 2004 Aug 19;430(7002):884-7.

Context-dependent autonomous self-fertilization yields reproductive assurance and
mixed mating.

Kalisz S(1), Vogler DW, Hanley KM.

Author information: 
(1)University of Pittsburgh, Department of Biological Sciences, Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania 15260, USA. kalisz@pitt.edu

The evolution of self-fertilization in hermaphrodites is opposed by costs that
decrease the value of self progeny relative to that of outcross progeny. However,
self-fertilization is common in plants; 20% are highly selfing and 33% are
intermediate between selfing and outcrossing. Darwin proposed an adaptive benefit
of self-pollination in providing reproductive assurance when outcrossing is
impossible. Moreover, if outcross pollen receipt is inconsistent within or
between years, these conditions likewise favour self-pollination, and this can
result in a mixture of self and outcross seed production (mixed mating). Despite 
wide acceptance, the reproductive assurance hypothesis has lacked the support of 
complete empirical evidence to show that variable pollination can create both the
ecological and genetic conditions favouring self-pollination. We recently showed 
in Collinsia verna that during periods of infrequent pollinator visits,
autonomous self-pollination boosted seed output per flower, the key ecological
condition. Here we show low inbreeding depression and marker-based estimates of
selfing, demonstrating that when the pollination environment in wild populations 
necessitates reproductive assurance, selfing rates increase. We provide a
complete demonstration of reproductive assurance under variable pollination
environments and mechanistically link reproductive assurance to intermediate
selfing rates through mixed mating.

DOI: 10.1038/nature02776 
PMID: 15318220  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


163. Nature. 1993 Sep 9;365(6442):188.

The opioid peptide dynorphin mediates heterosynaptic depression of hippocampal
mossy fibre synapses and modulates long-term potentiation.

Weisskopf MG, Zalutsky RA, Nicoll RA.

DOI: 10.1038/365188a0 
PMID: 8103916  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


164. Nature. 1989 May 18;339(6221):215-8.

Associative long-term depression in the hippocampus induced by hebbian
covariance.

Stanton PK(1), Sejnowski TJ.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biophysics, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland 21218.

A brief, high-frequency activation of excitatory synapses in the hippocampus
produces a long-lasting increase in synaptic strengths called long-term
potentiation (LTP). A test input, which by itself does not have a long-lasting
effect on synaptic strengths, can be potentiated through association when it is
activated at the same time as a separate conditioning input. Neural network
modelling studies have also predicted that synaptic strengths should be weakened 
when test and conditioning inputs are anti-correlated. Evidence for such
heterosynaptic depression in the hippocampus has been found for inputs that are
inactive or weakly active during the stimulation of a conditioning input, but
this depression does not depend on any pattern of test input activity and does
not seem to last as long as LTP. We report here an associative long-term
depression (LTD) in field CA1 that is produced when a low-frequency test input is
negatively correlated in time with a high-frequency conditioning input. LTD of
synaptic strength is also produced by activating presynaptic terminals while a
postsynaptic neuron is hyperpolarized. This confirms theoretical predictions that
the mechanism for associative LTD is homosynaptic and follows a hebbian
covariance rule.

DOI: 10.1038/339215a0 
PMID: 2716848  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


165. Nature. 2003 Nov 6;426(6962):39-44.

Structure of mitochondrial ADP/ATP carrier in complex with carboxyatractyloside.

Pebay-Peyroula E(1), Dahout-Gonzalez C, Kahn R, Trézéguet V, Lauquin GJ,
Brandolin G.

Author information: 
(1)Institut de Biologie Structurale, UMR 5075 CEA-CNRS-Université Joseph Fourier,
41 rue Jules Horowitz, F-38027, Grenoble cedex 1, France. pebay@ibs.fr

ATP, the principal energy currency of the cell, fuels most biosynthetic reactions
in the cytoplasm by its hydrolysis into ADP and inorganic phosphate. Because
resynthesis of ATP occurs in the mitochondrial matrix, ATP is exported into the
cytoplasm while ADP is imported into the matrix. The exchange is accomplished by 
a single protein, the ADP/ATP carrier. Here we have solved the bovine carrier
structure at a resolution of 2.2 A by X-ray crystallography in complex with an
inhibitor, carboxyatractyloside. Six alpha-helices form a compact transmembrane
domain, which, at the surface towards the space between inner and outer
mitochondrial membranes, reveals a deep depression. At its bottom, a hexapeptide 
carrying the signature of nucleotide carriers (RRRMMM) is located. Our structure,
together with earlier biochemical results, suggests that transport substrates
bind to the bottom of the cavity and that translocation results from a transient 
transition from a 'pit' to a 'channel' conformation.

DOI: 10.1038/nature02056 
PMID: 14603310  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


166. Nature. 2002 Mar 21;416(6878):320-3.

Genetic cost of reproductive assurance in a self-fertilizing plant.

Herlihy CR(1), Eckert CG.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biology, Queens' University, Kingston, Ontario, Canada.

The transition from outcrossing to self-fertilization is one of the most common
evolutionary trends in plants. Reproductive assurance, where self-fertilization
ensures seed production when pollinators and/or potential mates are scarce, is
the most long-standing and most widely accepted explanation for the evolution of 
selfing, but there have been few experimental tests of this hypothesis. Moreover,
many apparently adaptive floral mechanisms that ensure the autonomous production 
of selfed seed might use ovules that would have otherwise been outcrossed. This
seed discounting is costly if selfed offspring are less viable than their
outcrossed counterparts, as often happens. The fertility benefit of reproductive 
assurance has never been examined in the light of seed discounting. Here we
combine experimental measures of reproductive assurance with marker-gene
estimates of self-fertilization, seed discounting and inbreeding depression to
show that, during 2 years in 10 Ontario populations of Aquilegia canadensis
(Ranunculaceae), reproductive assurance through self-fertilization increases seed
production, but this benefit is greatly outweighed by severe seed discounting and
inbreeding depression.

DOI: 10.1038/416320a 
PMID: 11907577  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


167. Nature. 1994 Oct 6;371(6497):470.

Alas, poor Yorick.

Smythies JR.

Comment on
    Nature. 1994 Mar 10;368(6467):92.

DOI: 10.1038/371470d0 
PMID: 7935754  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


168. Nature. 2003 Sep 4;425(6953):98-102.

Structure of the catalytic domain of human phosphodiesterase 5 with bound drug
molecules.

Sung BJ(1), Hwang KY, Jeon YH, Lee JI, Heo YS, Kim JH, Moon J, Yoon JM, Hyun YL, 
Kim E, Eum SJ, Park SY, Lee JO, Lee TG, Ro S, Cho JM.

Author information: 
(1)Division of Drug Discovery, CrystalGenomics, Inc., Daedeok Biocommunity,
Jeonmin-dong, Yuseong-gu, Daejeon, 305-390, South Korea.

Phosphodiesterases (PDEs) are a superfamily of enzymes that degrade the
intracellular second messengers cyclic AMP and cyclic GMP. As essential
regulators of cyclic nucleotide signalling with diverse physiological functions, 
PDEs are drug targets for the treatment of various diseases, including heart
failure, depression, asthma, inflammation and erectile dysfunction. Of the 12 PDE
gene families, cGMP-specific PDE5 carries out the principal cGMP-hydrolysing
activity in human corpus cavernosum tissue. It is well known as the target of
sildenafil citrate (Viagra) and other similar drugs for the treatment of erectile
dysfunction. Despite the pressing need to develop selective PDE inhibitors as
therapeutic drugs, only the cAMP-specific PDE4 structures are currently
available. Here we present the three-dimensional structures of the catalytic
domain (residues 537-860) of human PDE5 complexed with the three drug molecules
sildenafil, tadalafil (Cialis) and vardenafil (Levitra). These structures will
provide opportunities to design potent and selective PDE inhibitors with improved
pharmacological profiles.

DOI: 10.1038/nature01914 
PMID: 12955149  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


169. Nature. 1993 Apr 1;362(6419):423-7.

The opioid peptide dynorphin mediates heterosynaptic depression of hippocampal
mossy fibre synapses and modulates long-term potentiation.

Weisskopf MG(1), Zalutsky RA, Nicoll RA.

Author information: 
(1)Neuroscience Graduate Program, University of California, San Francisco
94143-0450.

The mossy fibre pathway in the hippocampus uses glutamate as a neurotransmitter, 
but also contains the opioid peptide dynorphin. Synaptic release of dynorphin
causes a presynaptic inhibition of neighbouring mossy fibres and inhibits the
induction and expression of mossy fibre long-term potentiation. These findings
demonstrate a physiological role for a neuropeptide in the central nervous
system, provide a functional basis for the coexistence of a neuropeptide with
classic neurotransmitters and demonstrate the very different roles played by
these two classes of signalling molecules.

DOI: 10.1038/362423a0 
PMID: 8096624  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


170. Nature. 2002 Aug 1;418(6897):530-4.

The endogenous cannabinoid system controls extinction of aversive memories.

Marsicano G(1), Wotjak CT, Azad SC, Bisogno T, Rammes G, Cascio MG, Hermann H,
Tang J, Hofmann C, Zieglgänsberger W, Di Marzo V, Lutz B.

Author information: 
(1)Molecular Genetics of Behaviour, Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry,
Kraepelinstrasse 2-10, 80804 Munich, Germany.

Comment in
    Nature. 2002 Aug 1;418(6897):488-9.

Acquisition and storage of aversive memories is one of the basic principles of
central nervous systems throughout the animal kingdom. In the absence of
reinforcement, the resulting behavioural response will gradually diminish to be
finally extinct. Despite the importance of extinction, its cellular mechanisms
are largely unknown. The cannabinoid receptor 1 (CB1) and endocannabinoids are
present in memory-related brain areas and modulate memory. Here we show that the 
endogenous cannabinoid system has a central function in extinction of aversive
memories. CB1-deficient mice showed strongly impaired short-term and long-term
extinction in auditory fear-conditioning tests, with unaffected memory
acquisition and consolidation. Treatment of wild-type mice with the CB1
antagonist SR141716A mimicked the phenotype of CB1-deficient mice, revealing that
CB1 is required at the moment of memory extinction. Consistently, tone
presentation during extinction trials resulted in elevated levels of
endocannabinoids in the basolateral amygdala complex, a region known to control
extinction of aversive memories. In the basolateral amygdala, endocannabinoids
and CB1 were crucially involved in long-term depression of GABA
(gamma-aminobutyric acid)-mediated inhibitory currents. We propose that
endocannabinoids facilitate extinction of aversive memories through their
selective inhibitory effects on local inhibitory networks in the amygdala.

DOI: 10.1038/nature00839 
PMID: 12152079  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


171. Nature. 2002 May 30;417(6888):555-9.

Single and multiple vesicle fusion induce different rates of endocytosis at a
central synapse.

Sun JY(1), Wu XS, Wu LG.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Anesthesiology, Washington University School of Medicine, St.
Louis, MO 63110, USA.

During synaptic transmission, neurotransmitter-laden vesicles fuse with the
presynaptic membrane and discharge their contents into the synaptic cleft. After 
fusion, the vesicular membrane is retrieved by endocytosis for reuse. This
recycling mechanism ensures a constant supply of releasable vesicles at the nerve
terminal. The kinetics of endocytosis have been measured mostly after intense or 
non-physiological stimulation. Here we use capacitance measurements to resolve
the fusion and retrieval of single and multiple vesicles following mild
physiological stimulation at a mammalian central synapse. The time constant of
endocytosis after single vesicle fusion was 56 ms; after a single action
potential or trains at < or = 2 Hz it was about 115 ms, but increased gradually
to tens of seconds as the frequency and the number of action potentials
increased. These results indicate that an increase in the rate of exocytosis at
the active zone induces a decrease in the rate of endocytosis. Existing models,
including inhibition of endocytosis by Ca(2+), could not account for these
results our results suggest that an accumulation of unretrieved vesicles at the
plasma membrane slows endocytosis. These findings may resolve the debate about
the dependence of endocytosis kinetics on the stimulation frequency, and suggest 
a potential role of regulation of endocytosis in short-term synaptic depression.

DOI: 10.1038/417555a 
PMID: 12037569  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


172. Nature. 2002 Apr 18;416(6882):736-40.

Direct cortical input modulates plasticity and spiking in CA1 pyramidal neurons.

Remondes M(1), Schuman EM.

Author information: 
(1)Caltech/Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Division of Pasadena, CA 91125, USA.

The hippocampus is necessary for the acquisition and retrieval of declarative
memories. The best-characterized sensory input to the hippocampus is the
perforant path projection from layer II of entorhinal cortex (EC) to the dentate 
gyrus. Signals are then processed sequentially in the hippocampal CA fields
before returning to the cortex via CA1 pyramidal neuron spikes. There is another 
EC input-the temporoammonic (TA) pathway-consisting of axons from layer III EC
neurons that make synaptic contacts on the distal dendrites of CA1 neurons. Here 
we show that this pathway modulates both the plasticity and the output of the rat
hippocampal formation. Bursts of TA activity can, depending on their timing,
either increase or decrease the probability of Schaffer-collateral (SC)-evoked
CA1 spikes. TA bursts can also significantly reduce the magnitude of synaptic
potentiation at SC-CA1 synapses. The TA-CA1 synapse itself exhibits both
long-term depression (LTD) and long-term potentiation (LTP). This capacity for
bi-directional plasticity can, in turn, regulate the TA modulation of CA1
activity: LTP or LTD of the TA pathway either enhances or diminishes the gating
of CA1 spikes and plasticity inhibition, respectively.

DOI: 10.1038/416736a 
PMID: 11961555  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


173. Nature. 1991 Mar 28;350(6316):344-7.

Quantal analysis of excitatory synaptic action and depression in hippocampal
slices.

Larkman A(1), Stratford K, Jack J.

Author information: 
(1)University Laboratory of Physiology, Oxford University, UK.

Comment in
    Nature. 1991 Oct 3;353(6343):396.
    Nature. 1991 Mar 28;350(6316):271-2.

Quantal analysis can provide a quantitative description of important aspects of
chemical synaptic transmission and its modification. The technique has recently
been applied to excitatory synapses within the hippocampus, especially the form
of synaptic plasticity known as long-term potentiation. However, these attempts
have met with only limited success, in that the individual quantal amplitudes
making up the synaptic response generally could not be resolved. Here we have
paid attention to the possible instability of the quantal fluctuation pattern
over time. We were able to resolve individual quantal component amplitudes for a 
high proportion of the experiments, and so demonstrate the quantal nature of
excitatory transmission in the CA1 region of the hippocampus. Mean quantal
amplitudes for individual excitatory postsynaptic potentials were 84-197 microV, 
with a mean of 131 +/- 29 microV. For periods during which the fluctuation
pattern was stable, the variance associated with individual quantal amplitudes
was low. We have also used quantal analysis to show that synaptic depression
following prolonged stimulation at these synapses is primarily a presynaptic
phenomenon.

DOI: 10.1038/350344a0 
PMID: 1848922  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


174. Nature. 1990 Sep 6;347(6288):69-72.

Different voltage-dependent thresholds for inducing long-term depression and
long-term potentiation in slices of rat visual cortex.

Artola A(1), Bröcher S, Singer W.

Author information: 
(1)Max-Planck-Institute for Brain Research, Frankfurt am Main, FRG.

Comment in
    Nature. 1990 Sep 6;347(6288):16.

In the hippocampus and neocortex, high-frequency (tetanic) stimulation of an
afferent pathway leads to long-term potentiation (LTP) of synaptic transmission. 
In the hippocampus it has recently been shown that long-term depression (LTD) of 
excitatory transmission can also be induced by certain combinations of synaptic
activation. In most hippocampal and all neocortical pathways studied so far, the 
induction of LTP requires the activation of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA)
receptor-gated conductances. Here we report that LTD can occur in neurons of
slices of the rat visual cortex and that the same tetanic stimulation can induce 
either LTP or LTD depending on the level of depolarization of the postsynaptic
neuron. By applying intracellular current injections or pharmacological
disinhibition to modify the depolarizing response of the postsynaptic neuron to
tetanic stimulation, we show that the mechanisms of induction of LTD and LTP are 
both postsynaptic. LTD is obtained if postsynaptic depolarization exceeds a
critical level but remains below a threshold related to NMDA receptor-gated
conductances, whereas LTP is induced if this second threshold is reached.

DOI: 10.1038/347069a0 
PMID: 1975639  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


175. Nature. 1977 Dec 22-29;270(5639):735-6.

Depression of macrophages in mice drinking hyperchlorinated water.

Fidler IJ.


PMID: 593395  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


176. Nature. 1971 Jul 23;232(5308):274-5.

Yawning and penile erection induced in rats by cortical spreading depression.

Huston J.


PMID: 4937084  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


177. Nature. 1969 Sep 13;223(5211):1166-8.

Agroclavine antagonizes depression induced by noradrenaline in the cerebral
cortex of the rat.

Davidson N, Edwardson JA, Schwab DI.


PMID: 5810696  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


178. Nature. 2002 Mar 28;416(6879):396-400.

Serotonin1A receptor acts during development to establish normal anxiety-like
behaviour in the adult.

Gross C(1), Zhuang X, Stark K, Ramboz S, Oosting R, Kirby L, Santarelli L, Beck
S, Hen R.

Author information: 
(1)Center for Neurobiology and Behavior, Columbia University, New York 10032,
USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 2002 Mar 28;416(6879):377-80.

Serotonin is implicated in mood regulation, and drugs acting via the serotonergic
system are effective in treating anxiety and depression. Specifically, agonists
of the serotonin1A receptor have anxiolytic properties, and knockout mice lacking
this receptor show increased anxiety-like behaviour. Here we use a
tissue-specific, conditional rescue strategy to show that expression of the
serotonin1A receptor primarily in the hippocampus and cortex, but not in the
raphe nuclei, is sufficient to rescue the behavioural phenotype of the knockout
mice. Furthermore, using the conditional nature of these transgenic mice, we
suggest that receptor expression during the early postnatal period, but not in
the adult, is necessary for this behavioural rescue. These findings show that
postnatal developmental processes help to establish adult anxiety-like behaviour.
In addition, the normal role of the serotonin1A receptor during development may
be different from its function when this receptor is activated by therapeutic
intervention in adulthood.

DOI: 10.1038/416396a 
PMID: 11919622  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


179. Nature. 2000 Mar 30;404(6777):498-502.

Glutamate spillover suppresses inhibition by activating presynaptic mGluRs.

Mitchell SJ(1), Silver RA.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Physiology, University College London, UK.

Metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluRs) found on synaptic terminals throughout 
the brain are thought to be important in modulating neurotransmission. Activation
of mGluRs by synaptically released glutamate depresses glutamate release from
excitatory terminals but the physiological role of mGluRs on inhibitory terminals
is unclear. We have investigated activation of mGluRs on inhibitory terminals
within the cerebellar glomerulus, a structure in which GABA (gamma-aminobutyric
acid)-releasing inhibitory terminals and glutamatergic excitatory terminals are
in close apposition and make axo-dendritic synapses onto granule cells. Here we
show that 'spillover' of glutamate, which is released from excitatory mossy
fibres, inhibits GABA release from Golgi cell terminals by activating presynaptic
mGluRs under physiological conditions. The magnitude of the depression of the
inhibitory postsynaptic current is dependent on the frequency of mossy fibre
stimulation, reaching 50% at 100 Hz. Furthermore, the duration of inhibitory
postsynaptic current depression mirrors the time course of mossy fibre activity. 
Our results establish that mGluRs on inhibitory interneuron axons sense the
activity of neighbouring excitatory synapses. This heterosynaptic mechanism is
likely to boost the efficacy of active excitatory fibres by locally reducing the 
level of inhibition.

DOI: 10.1038/35006649 
PMID: 10761918  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


180. Nature. 2001 Aug 30;412(6850):907-10.

Dynamics of travelling waves in visual perception.

Wilson HR(1), Blake R, Lee SH.

Author information: 
(1)Biology and Centre for Vision Research, York University, 4700 Keele Street,
Toronto, Ontario M3J 1P3, Canada. hrwilson@yorku.ca

Nonlinear wave propagation is ubiquitous in nature, appearing in chemical
reaction kinetics, cardiac tissue dynamics, cortical spreading depression and
slow wave sleep. The application of dynamical modelling has provided valuable
insights into the mechanisms underlying such nonlinear wave phenomena in several 
domains. Wave propagation can also be perceived as sweeping waves of visibility
that occur when the two eyes view radically different stimuli. Termed binocular
rivalry, these fluctuating states of perceptual dominance and suppression are
thought to provide a window into the neural dynamics that underlie conscious
visual awareness. Here we introduce a technique to measure the speed of rivalry
dominance waves propagating around a large, essentially one-dimensional annulus. 
When mapped onto visual cortex, propagation speed is independent of eccentricity.
Propagation speed doubles when waves travel along continuous contours, thus
demonstrating effects of collinear facilitation. A neural model with reciprocal
inhibition between two layers of units provides a quantitative explanation of
dominance wave propagation in terms of disinhibition. Dominance waves provide a
new tool for investigating fundamental cortical dynamics.

DOI: 10.1038/35091066 
PMID: 11528478  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


181. Nature. 1981 May 28;291(5813):325-7.

Sodium current depression by lidocaine and quinidine in isolated ventricular
cells.

Lee KS, Hume JR, Giles W, Brown AM.


PMID: 7231552  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


182. Nature. 1979 Feb 15;277(5697):568-9.

Destruction of inferior olive induces rapid depression in synaptic action of
cerebellar Purkinje cells.

Ito M, Nisimaru N, Shibuki K.


PMID: 216922  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


183. Nature. 1978 Nov 2;276(5683):67-70.

Newly discovered fossil hominid skull from the Afar depression, Ethiopia.

Conroy GC, Jolly CJ, Cramer D, Kalb JE.


PMID: 105292  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


184. Nature. 1976 Jun 24;261(5562):705-7.

Further evidence for depression of H-2 and Ia-like specificities of foreign
haplotypes in mouse tumour cell lines.

Garrido F, Festenstein H, Schirrmacher V.


PMID: 947087  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


185. Nature. 1976 May 27;261(5558):330-2.

Lanthanum inhibits brain adenylate cyclase and blocks noradrenergic depression of
Purkinje cell discharge independent of calcium.

Nathanson JA, Freedman R, Hoffer BJ.


PMID: 1272410  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


186. Nature. 1976 May 27;261(5558):335-6.

Depressed cardiac cyclic GMP-dependent protein kinase in spontaneously
hypertensive rats and its further depression by guanethidine.

Kuo JF, Davis CW, Tse J.


PMID: 179021  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


187. Nature. 1974 Apr 5;248(448):510-1.

Depression of polymorph counts by various scrapie agents.

Dickinson AG, Taylor DM, Fraser H.


PMID: 4207411  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


188. Nature. 1974 Mar 15;248(445):257-8.

Depression of morphine-seeking behaviour by dopamine inhibition.

Schwartz AS, Marchok PL.


PMID: 4274273  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


189. Nature. 1974 Jan 25;247(5438):217-8.

No mouse PMN leukocyte depression after inoculation with brain tissue from
multiple sclerosis or spongiform encephalopathies.

Brown P, Gajdusek DC.


PMID: 4589575  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


190. Nature. 1973 Jul 27;244(5413):227-8.

Depression of the T cell phenomenon of contact sensitivity by T cells from
unresponsive mice.

Zembala M, Asherson GL.


PMID: 4583095  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


191. Nature. 1973 Apr 13;242(5398):471-3.

Depression of immune response to Moloney leukaemia virus by malarial infection.

Bomford R, Wedderburn N.


PMID: 4573475  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


192. Nature. 1963 Sep 14;199:1108-9.

NUCLEAR FACTORS INVOLVED IN THE RADIATION-INDUCED DEPRESSION OF DNA SYNTHESIS OF 
DESOXYRIBONUCLEIC ACID.

LEHNERT SM, OKADA S.


PMID: 14066961  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


193. Nature. 1990 Sep 6;347(6288):16.

Neurobiology. A depression long awaited.

Stevens CF.

Comment on
    Nature. 1990 Sep 6;347(6288):69-72.

DOI: 10.1038/347016a0 
PMID: 2168518  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


194. Nature. 1989 Nov 16;342(6247):222.

False start on manic depression.

Robertson M.

Comment in
    Nature. 1990 Mar 22;344(6264):298-9.

Comment on
    Nature. 1989 Nov 16;342(6247):238-43.

DOI: 10.1038/342222a0 
PMID: 2812021  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


195. Nature. 1979 Jan 4;277(5691):53-4.

Hypepolarisation and depression of slow synaptic inhibition by enkephalin in frog
sympathetic ganglion.

Wouters W, van den Bercken J.


PMID: 233258  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


196. Nature. 1977 Jun 16;267(5612):613-5.

Maturation of prefrontal cortex in the monkey revealed by local reversible
cryogenic depression.

Goldman PS, Alexander GE.


PMID: 406570  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


197. Nature. 1977 Apr 21;266(5604):737-9.

Heterosynaptic depression: a postsynaptic correlate of long-term potentiation.

Lynch GS, Dunwiddie T, Gribkoff V.


PMID: 195211  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


198. Nature. 1976 Aug 12;262(5569):604-6.

Depression of nociceptive and other neurones in the brain by iontophoretically
applied met-enkephalin.

Hill RG, Pepper CM, Mitchell JF.


PMID: 958425  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


199. Nature. 1976 Apr 8;260(5551):535-6.

Effect of nerve growth factor on synaptic depression after axotomy.

Purves D, Njå A.


PMID: 177879  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


200. Nature. 1967 Jul 8;215(5097):181-2.

Depression of reticulocytes by gamma globulin after splenic x-irradiation.

Dalos B, Horváth M.


PMID: 4167428  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


201. Nature. 1967 May 20;214(5090):836-7.

Depression of chloride transport by carbonic anhydrase inhibitors in the absence 
of carbonic anhydrase.

Kitahara S, Fox KR, Hogben CA.


PMID: 4963882  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


202. Nature. 1966 Dec 10;212(5067):1236-8.

Possible mechanisms of depression of cerebral phospholipid metabolism during a
deficiency of body oxygen.

Chetverikov DA(1), Gasteva SV.

Author information: 
(1)I. P. Pavlov Institute of Physiology, Academy of Sciences, U.S.S.R.,
Leningrad.


PMID: 21090449  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


203. Nature. 1966 Oct 1;212(5057):90-1.

Depression of muscle spindle function with vincristine.

Tobin WE, Sandler G.


PMID: 5965582  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


204. Nature. 1966 Apr 23;210(5034):413-4.

Bone lysozyme: partial purification, properties and depression of activity by
parathyroid extract.

Wolinsky I, Cohn DV.


PMID: 5963234  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


205. Nature. 1966 Feb 19;209(5025):815-6.

Sex difference for immune depression and runting in neonatally thymectomized
mice.

Balner H, Dersjant H.


PMID: 5332014  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


206. Nature. 2001 May 31;411(6837):583-7.

Single cocaine exposure in vivo induces long-term potentiation in dopamine
neurons.

Ungless MA(1), Whistler JL, Malenka RC, Bonci A.

Author information: 
(1)Ernest Gallo Clinic and Research Center, Department of Neurology, University
of California, San Francisco, California 94110, USA.

How do drugs of abuse modify neural circuitry and thereby lead to addictive
behaviour? As for many forms of experience-dependent plasticity, modifications in
glutamatergic synaptic transmission have been suggested to be particularly
important. Evidence of such changes in response to in vivo administration of
drugs of abuse is lacking, however. Here we show that a single in vivo exposure
to cocaine induces long-term potentiation of AMPA
(alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-isoxazole propionic acid)-receptor-mediated
currents at excitatory synapses onto dopamine cells in the ventral tegmental
area. Potentiation is still observed 5 but not 10 days after cocaine exposure and
is blocked when an NMDA (N-methyl-d-aspartate) receptor antagonist is
administered with cocaine. Furthermore, long-term potentiation at these synapses 
is occluded and long-term depression is enhanced by in vivo cocaine exposure.
These results show that a prominent form of synaptic plasticity can be elicited
by a single in vivo exposure to cocaine and therefore may be involved in the
early stages of the development of drug addiction.

DOI: 10.1038/35079077 
PMID: 11385572  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


207. Nature. 1963 Oct 26;200:369-70.

A NEW CHEMICAL STRUCTURE WITH SPECIFIC DEPRESSANT EFFECTS ON THE AMYGDALA AND ON 
THE HYPER-IRRITABILITY OF THE 'SEPTAL RAT'.

HOROVITZ ZP, FURGIUELE AR, BRANNICK LJ, BURKE JC, CRAVER BN.


PMID: 14087895  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


208. Nature. 1970 Mar 28;225(5239):1259-60.

5-Hydroxyindoleacetic acid levels in the cerebrospinal fluid of depressive
patients treated with probenecid.

van Praag HM, Korf J, Puite J.


PMID: 5435360  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


209. Nature. 2000 Nov 30;408(6812):584-8.

Calcium stores regulate the polarity and input specificity of synaptic
modification.

Nishiyama M(1), Hong K, Mikoshiba K, Poo MM, Kato K.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biology, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla
92093-0357, USA.

Activity-induced synaptic modification is essential for the development and
plasticity of the nervous system. Repetitive correlated activation of pre- and
postsynaptic neurons can induce persistent enhancement or decrement of synaptic
efficacy, commonly referred to as long-term potentiation or depression (LTP or
LTD). An important unresolved issue is whether and to what extent LTP and LTD are
restricted to the activated synapses. Here we show that, in the CA1 region of the
hippocampus, reduction of postsynaptic calcium influx by partial blockade of NMDA
(N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptors results in a conversion of LTP to LTD and a loss
of input specificity normally associated with LTP, with LTD appearing at
heterosynaptic inputs. The induction of LTD at homo- and heterosynaptic sites
requires functional ryanodine receptors and inositol triphosphate (InsP3)
receptors, respectively. Functional blockade or genetic deletion of type 1 InsP3 
receptors led to a conversion of LTD to LTP and elimination of heterosynaptic
LTD, whereas blocking ryanodine receptors eliminated only homosynaptic LTD. Thus,
postsynaptic Ca2+, deriving from Ca2+ influx and differential release of Ca2+
from internal stores through ryanodine and InsP3 receptors, regulates both the
polarity and input specificity of activity-induced synaptic modification.

DOI: 10.1038/35046067 
PMID: 11117745  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


210. Nature. 1993 Sep 23;365(6444):290.

The memetic basis of religion.

Vaneechoutte M.

Comment in
    Nature. 1993 Nov 25;366(6453):296.
    Nature. 1993 Nov 25;366(6453):296.

DOI: 10.1038/365290a0 
PMID: 8377821  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


211. Nature. 2000 Jun 22;405(6789):955-9.

Regulation of distinct AMPA receptor phosphorylation sites during bidirectional
synaptic plasticity.

Lee HK(1), Barbarosie M, Kameyama K, Bear MF, Huganir RL.

Author information: 
(1)Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Neuroscience, Johns Hopkins
Medical School, Baltimore, Maryland, USA.

Bidirectional changes in the efficacy of neuronal synaptic transmission, such as 
hippocampal long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD), are
thought to be mechanisms for information storage in the brain. LTP and LTD may be
mediated by the modulation of AMPA (alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazloe
proprionic acid) receptor phosphorylation. Here we show that LTP and LTD
reversibly modify the phosphorylation of the AMPA receptor GluR1 subunit.
However, contrary to the hypothesis that LTP and LTD are the functional inverse
of each other, we find that they are associated with phosphorylation and
dephosphorylation, respectively, of distinct GluR1 phosphorylation sites.
Moreover, the site modulated depends on the stimulation history of the synapse.
LTD induction in naive synapses dephosphorylates the major cyclic-AMP-dependent
protein kinase (PKA) site, whereas in potentiated synapses the major
calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII) site is dephosphorylated.
Conversely, LTP induction in naive synapses and depressed synapses increases
phosphorylation of the CaMKII site and the PKA site, respectively. LTP is
differentially sensitive to CaMKII and PKA inhibitors depending on the history of
the synapse. These results indicate that AMPA receptor phosphorylation is
critical for synaptic plasticity, and that identical stimulation conditions
recruit different signal-transduction pathways depending on synaptic history.

DOI: 10.1038/35016089 
PMID: 10879537  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


212. Nature. 2000 May 11;405(6783):180-3.

Rewarding effects of opiates are absent in mice lacking the receptor for
substance P.

Murtra P(1), Sheasby AM, Hunt SP, De Felipe C.

Author information: 
(1)Instituto de Neurosciencias, Universidad Miguel Hernandez, Alicante, Spain.

Modulation of substance P activity offers a radical new approach to the
management of depression, anxiety and stress. The substance P receptor is highly 
expressed in areas of the brain that are implicated in these behaviours, but also
in other areas such as the nucleus accumbens which mediate the motivational
properties of both natural rewards such as food and of drugs of abuse such as
opiates. Here we show a loss of the rewarding properties of morphine in mice with
a genetic disruption of the substance P receptor. The loss was specific to
morphine, as both groups of mice responded when cocaine or food were used as
rewards. The physical response to opiate withdrawal was also reduced in substance
P receptor knockout mice. We conclude that substance P has an important and
specific role in mediating the motivational aspects of opiates and may represent 
a new pharmacological route for the control of drug abuse.

DOI: 10.1038/35012069 
PMID: 10821273  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


213. Nature. 1999 Nov 18;402(6759):294-6.

The amygdala modulates prefrontal cortex activity relative to conditioned fear.

Garcia R(1), Vouimba RM, Baudry M, Thompson RF.

Author information: 
(1)Laboratoire de Neurosciences Cognitives, CNRS UMR 5807, Université de Bordeaux
I, Talence, France. garcia@neurocog.u-bordeaux.fr

Animals learn that a tone can predict the occurrence of an electric shock through
classical conditioning. Mice or rats trained in this manner display fear
responses, such as freezing behaviour, when they hear the conditioned tone.
Studies using amygdalectomized rats have shown that the amygdala is required for 
both the acquisition and expression of learned fear responses. Freezing to a
conditioned tone is enhanced following damage to the dorsal part of the medial
prefrontal cortex, indicating that this area may be involved in fear reduction.
Here we show that prefrontal neurons reduce their spontaneous activity in the
presence of a conditioned aversive tone as a function of the degree of fear. The 
depression in prefrontal spontaneous activity is related to amygdala activity but
not to the freezing response itself. These data indicate that, in the presence of
threatening stimuli, the amygdala controls both fear expression and prefrontal
neuronal activity. They suggest that abnormal amygdala-induced modulation of
prefrontal neuronal activity may be involved in the pathophysiology of certain
forms of anxiety disorder.

DOI: 10.1038/46286 
PMID: 10580500  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


214. Nature. 1998 May 28;393(6683):373-7.

Acute stress facilitates long-lasting changes in cholinergic gene expression.

Kaufer D(1), Friedman A, Seidman S, Soreq H.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biological Chemistry, The Alexander Silberman Life Sciences
Institute, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel.

Erratum in
    Nature. 2016 Mar 3;531(7592):126.

Comment in
    Nature. 1998 May 28;393(6683):308-9.

Acute traumatic stress may lead to post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), which
is characterized by delayed neuropsychiatric symptoms including depression,
irritability, and impaired cognitive performance. Curiously, inhibitors of the
acetylcholine-hydrolysing enzyme acetylcholinesterase may induce
psychopathologies that are reminiscent of PTSD. It is unknown how a single
stressful event mediates long-term neuronal plasticity. Moreover, no mechanism
has been proposed to explain the convergent neuropsychological outcomes of stress
and of acetylcholinesterase inhibition. However, acute stress elicits a transient
increase in the amounts released of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and a
phase of enhanced neuronal excitability. Inhibitors of acetylcholinesterase also 
promote enhanced electrical brain activity, presumably by increasing the survival
of acetylcholine at the synapse. Here we report that there is similar
bidirectional modulation of genes that regulate acetylcholine availability after 
stress and blockade of acetylcholinesterase. These calcium-dependent changes in
gene expression coincide with phases of rapid enhancement and delayed depression 
of neuronal excitability. Both of these phases are mediated by muscarinic
acetylcholine receptors. Our results suggest a model in which robust cholinergic 
stimulation triggers rapid induction of the gene encoding the transcription
factor c-Fos. This protein then mediates selective regulatory effects on the
long-lasting activities of genes involved in acetylcholine metabolism.

DOI: 10.1038/30741 
PMID: 9620801  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


215. Nature. 1999 Jul 22;400(6742):367-71.

Sensory experience modifies the short-term dynamics of neocortical synapses.

Finnerty GT(1), Roberts LS, Connors BW.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neuroscience, Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island 02912, 
USA.

Many representations of sensory stimuli in the neocortex are arranged as
topographic maps. These cortical maps are not fixed, but show
experience-dependent plasticity. For instance, sensory deprivation causes the
cortical area representing the deprived sensory input to shrink, and neighbouring
spared representations to enlarge, in somatosensory, auditory or visual cortex.
In adolescent and adult animals, changes in cortical maps are most noticeable in 
the supragranular layers at the junction of deprived and spared cortex. However, 
the cellular mechanisms of this experience-dependent plasticity are unclear.
Long-term potentiation and depression have been implicated, but have not been
proven to be necessary or sufficient for cortical map reorganization. Short-term 
synaptic dynamics have not been considered. We developed a brain slice
preparation involving rat whisker barrel cortex in vitro. Here we report that
sensory deprivation alters short-term synaptic dynamics in both vertical and
horizontal excitatory pathways within the supragranular cortex. Moreover,
modifications of horizontal pathways amplify changes in the vertical inputs. Our 
findings help to explain the functional cortical reorganization that follows
persistent changes of sensory experience.

DOI: 10.1038/22553 
PMID: 10432115  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


216. Nature. 1969 Feb 8;221(5180):565-6.

Effect of a sensory stimulus on an impaired membrane transport system in man.

Glen AI, Ongley GC, Robinson K.


PMID: 5789307  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


217. Nature. 1999 Apr 8;398(6727):533-8.

Structural basis for self-association and receptor recognition of human TRAF2.

Park YC(1), Burkitt V, Villa AR, Tong L, Wu H.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biochemistry, The Weill Medical College and Graduate School of
Medical Sciences of Cornell University, New York, New York 10021, USA.

Tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-receptor-associated factors (TRAFs) form a family of
cytoplasmic adapter proteins that mediate signal transduction from many members
of the TNF-receptor superfamily and the interleukin-1 receptor. They are
important in the regulation of cell survival and cell death. The carboxy-terminal
region of TRAFs (the TRAF domain) is required for self-association and
interaction with receptors. The domain contains a predicted coiled-coil region
that is followed by a highly conserved TRAF-C domain. Here we report the crystal 
structure of the TRAF domain of human TRAF2, both alone and in complex with a
peptide from TNF receptor-2 (TNF-R2). The structures reveal a trimeric
self-association of the TRAF domain, which we confirm by studies in solution. The
TRAF-C domain forms a new, eight-stranded antiparallel beta-sandwich structure.
The TNF-R2 peptide binds to a conserved shallow surface depression on one TRAF-C 
domain and does not contact the other protomers of the trimer. The nature of the 
interaction indicates that an SXXE motif may be a TRAF2-binding consensus
sequence. The trimeric structure of the TRAF domain provides an avidity-based
explanation for the dependence of TRAF recruitment on the oligomerization of the 
receptors by their trimeric extracellular ligands.

DOI: 10.1038/19110 
PMID: 10206649  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


218. Nature. 1998 Dec 24-31;396(6713):753-6.

Local calcium signalling by inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate in Purkinje cell
dendrites.

Finch EA(1), Augustine GJ.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurobiology, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, North
Carolina 27710, USA.

The second messenger inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate (InsP3) releases Ca2+ from
intracellular Ca2+ stores by activating specific receptors on the membranes of
these stores. In many cells, InsP3 is a global signalling molecule that liberates
Ca2+ throughout the cytoplasm. However, in neurons the situation might be
different, because synaptic activity may produce InsP3 at discrete locations.
Here we characterize InsP3 signalling in postsynaptic cerebellar Purkinje
neurons, which have a high level of InsP3 receptors. We find that repetitive
activation of the synapse between parallel fibres and Purkinje cells causes
InsP3-mediated Ca2+ release in the Purkinje cells. This Ca2+ release is
restricted to individual postsynaptic spines, where both metabotropic glutamate
receptors and InsP3 receptors are located, or to multiple spines and adjacent
dendritic shafts. Focal photolysis of caged InsP3 in Purkinje cell dendrites also
produces Ca2+ signals that spread only a few micrometres from the site of InsP3
production. Uncaged InsP3 produces a long-lasting depression of parallel-fibre
synaptic transmission that is limited to synapses where the Ca2+ concentration is
raised. Thus, in Purkinje cells InP3 acts within a restricted spatial range that 
allows it to regulate the function of local groups of parallel-fibre synapses.

DOI: 10.1038/25541 
PMID: 9874372  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


219. Nature. 1998 Dec 3;396(6710):433-9.

Enhanced long-term potentiation and impaired learning in mice with mutant
postsynaptic density-95 protein.

Migaud M(1), Charlesworth P, Dempster M, Webster LC, Watabe AM, Makhinson M, He
Y, Ramsay MF, Morris RG, Morrison JH, O'Dell TJ, Grant SG.

Author information: 
(1)Centre for Genome Research, University of Edinburgh, UK.

Comment in
    Nature. 1998 Dec 3;396(6710):414-5.

Specific patterns of neuronal firing induce changes in synaptic strength that may
contribute to learning and memory. If the postsynaptic NMDA
(N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptors are blocked, long-term potentiation (LTP) and
long-term depression (LTD) of synaptic transmission and the learning of spatial
information are prevented. The NMDA receptor can bind a protein known as
postsynaptic density-95 (PSD-95), which may regulate the localization of and/or
signalling by the receptor. In mutant mice lacking PSD-95, the frequency function
of NMDA-dependent LTP and LTD is shifted to produce strikingly enhanced LTP at
different frequencies of synaptic stimulation. In keeping with neural-network
models that incorporate bidirectional learning rules, this frequency shift is
accompanied by severely impaired spatial learning. Synaptic NMDA-receptor
currents, subunit expression, localization and synaptic morphology are all
unaffected in the mutant mice. PSD-95 thus appears to be important in coupling
the NMDA receptor to pathways that control bidirectional synaptic plasticity and 
learning.

DOI: 10.1038/24790 
PMID: 9853749  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


220. Nature. 1998 Dec 24-31;396(6713):757-60.

A new class of synaptic response involving calcium release in dendritic spines.

Takechi H(1), Eilers J, Konnerth A.

Author information: 
(1)I. Physiologisches Institut, Universität des Saarlandes, Homburg, Germany.

In the classical view, transmission of signals across synapses in the mammalian
brain involves changes in the membrane potential of the postsynaptic cell. The
use of high-resolution cellular imaging has revealed excitatory synapses at which
postsynaptic, transient alterations in calcium ion concentration are tightly
associated with electrical responses. Here, by investigating the synapse between 
parallel glutamatergic fibres and Purkinje cells in the mouse cerebellum, we
identify a class of postsynaptic responses that consist of transient increases in
dendritic Ca2+ concentration but not changes in somatic membrane potential. Our
results indicate that these synaptic Ca2+ transients are mediated by activation
of metabotropic glutamate-responsive mGluR1-type receptors and require
inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate-mediated Ca2+ release from intradendritic stores.
The new type of synaptic response is restricted to postsynaptic microdomains,
which range, depending on the frequency of stimulation, from individual spines to
small spinodendritic compartments. Thus, the synaptic Ca2+-release signal may be 
one of the critical cues that determine the input specificity of long-term
depression, a well-established form of activity-dependent plasticity at these
synapses.

DOI: 10.1038/25547 
PMID: 9874373  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


221. Nature. 1998 Jul 23;394(6691):384-8.

High-frequency firing helps replenish the readily releasable pool of synaptic
vesicles.

Wang LY(1), Kaczmarek LK.

Author information: 
(1)Division of Neurology & The Program in Brain and Behavior, The Hospital for
Sick Children, Department of Physiology, University of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Synapses in the central nervous system undergo various short- and long-term
changes in their strength, but it is often difficult to distinguish whether
presynaptic or postsynaptic mechanisms are responsible for these changes. Using
patch-clamp recording from giant synapses in the mouse auditory brainstem, we
show here that short-term synaptic depression can be largely attributed to rapid 
depletion of a readily releasable pool of vesicles. Replenishment of this pool is
highly dependent on the recent history of synaptic activity. High-frequency
stimulation of presynaptic terminals significantly enhances the rate of
replenishment. Broadening the presynaptic action potential with the
potassium-channel blocker tetraethylammonium, which increases Ca2+ entry, further
enhances the rate of replenishment. As this increase can be suppressed by the
Ca2+-channel blocker Cd2+ or by the Ca2+ buffer EGTA, we conclude that Ca2+
influx through voltage-gated Ca2+ channels is the key signal that dynamically
regulates the refilling of the releasable pool of synaptic vesicles in response
to different patterns of inputs.

DOI: 10.1038/28645 
PMID: 9690475  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


222. Nature. 1994 Nov 24;372(6504):356-7.

Selection against inbred song sparrows during a natural population bottleneck.

Keller LF(1), Arcese P, Smith JN, Hochachka WM, Stearns SC.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Wildlife Ecology, University of Wisconsin-Madison 53706.

Comment in
    Nature. 1994 Nov 24;372(6504):318-9.

The genetic and demographic consequences of population subdivision have received 
considerable attention from conservation biologists. In particular, losses of
genetic variability and reduced viability and fecundity due to inbreeding
(inbreeding depression) are of concern. Studies of domestic, laboratory and zoo
populations have shown inbreeding depression in a variety of traits related to
fitness. Consequently, inbreeding depression is widely accepted as a fact.
Recently, however, the relative impact of inbreeding on the viability of natural 
populations has been questioned. Work on the cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus), for
example, has emphasized the overwhelming importance of environmental factors on
mortality in the wild. Here we report that song sparrows (Melospiza melodia) that
survived a severe population bottleneck were a non-random subset of the pre-crash
population with respect to inbreeding, and that natural selection favoured
outbred individuals. Thus, inbreeding depression was expressed in the face of an 
environmental challenge. Such challenges are also likely to be faced by inbred
populations of endangered species. We suggest that environmental and genetic
effects on survival may interact and, as a consequence, that their effects on
individuals and populations should not be considered independently.

DOI: 10.1038/372356a0 
PMID: 7969492  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


223. Nature. 1992 Feb 20;355(6362):725-8.

Impaired type II glucocorticoid-receptor function in mice bearing antisense RNA
transgene.

Pepin MC(1), Pothier F, Barden N.

Author information: 
(1)Molecular Psychogenetics Laboratory, CHUL Research Center, Sainte Foy, Québec,
Canada.

Glucocorticoids, in conjunction with their cognate receptors, exert
negative-feedback effects on the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis, suppressing
adrenal steroid secretions. Two types of corticosteroid receptor, distinguishable
by their ability to bind corticosterone, have been identified as classical
mineralocorticoid (type I) and glucocorticoid (type II) receptors by cloning
their complementary DNAs. The type I receptor controls the basal circadian rhythm
of corticosteroid secretion. Both receptor types are involved in negative
feedback, but the type II receptor may be more important for terminating the
stress response as it is the only one to be increased in animals rendered more
sensitive to corticosteroid negative-feedback effects. Here we create a
transgenic mouse with impaired corticosteroid-receptor function by partially
knocking out gene expression with type II glucocorticoid receptor antisense RNA. 
We use this animal to study the glucocorticoid feedback effect on the
hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis.

DOI: 10.1038/355725a0 
PMID: 1741058  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


224. Nature. 1987 Oct 22-28;329(6141):666.

Animal models.

Barnes DJ.

DOI: 10.1038/329666c0 
PMID: 3670370  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


225. Nature. 1972 Mar 31;236(5344):225-8.

Human brain monoamine oxidase: multiple forms and selective inhibitors.

Youdim MB, Collins GG, Sandler M, Bevan Jones AB, Pare CM, Nicholson WJ.


PMID: 4553640  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


226. Nature. 1972 Feb 25;235(5339):440-1.

Cerebrospinal fluid levels of MHPG in affective disorders.

Wilk S, Shopsin B, Gershon S, Suhl M.


PMID: 4553689  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


227. Nature. 1970 Oct 3;228(5266):73-5.

Influence of hydrocoritsone and glucagon on liver tyrosine transaminase and on
brain tyrosine, norepinephrine and serotonin.

Benkert O, Matussek N.


PMID: 4393967  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


228. Nature. 1968 Dec 14;220(5172):1095-7.

Decrease of 5-hydroxytryptamine in the brain provoked by hydrocortisone and its
prevention by allopurinol.

Green AR, Curzon G.


PMID: 5749362  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


229. Nature. 1968 Nov 2;220(5166):417-8.

Ways to prevent suicide.

[No authors listed]


PMID: 5693670  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


230. Nature. 1968 Sep 7;219(5158):1001.

Psychiatry is quite respectable.

[No authors listed]


PMID: 5691716  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


231. Nature. 1967 Dec 23;216(5121):1176-7.

Research strategies in schizophrenia.

Smythies JR.


PMID: 6076062  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


232. Nature. 1976 Apr 8;260(5551):487-91.

Effects of drugs on the processes regulating the functional activity of brain
5-hydroxytryptamine.

Green AR, Grahame-Smith DG.


PMID: 817206  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


233. Nature. 1974 May 17;249(454):276-8.

Cannabinoid content of some English reefers.

Fairbairn JW, Hindmarch I, Simic S, Tylden E.


PMID: 4833245  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


234. Nature. 1968 Sep 21;219(5160):1256-7.

Relationship of monoamine metabolites in human cerebrospinal fluid to age.

Bowers MB Jr, Gerbode FA.


PMID: 5677419  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


235. Nature. 1998 Feb 26;391(6670):892-6.

Activity-dependent scaling of quantal amplitude in neocortical neurons.

Turrigiano GG(1), Leslie KR, Desai NS, Rutherford LC, Nelson SB.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biology and Center for Complex Systems, Brandeis University,
Waltham, Massachusetts 02254, USA. turrigiano@binah.cc.brandeis.edu

Comment in
    Nature. 1998 Feb 26;391(6670):845-6.

Information is stored in neural circuits through long-lasting changes in synaptic
strengths. Most studies of information storage have focused on mechanisms such as
long-term potentiation and depression (LTP and LTD), in which synaptic strengths 
change in a synapse-specific manner. In contrast, little attention has been paid 
to mechanisms that regulate the total synaptic strength of a neuron. Here we
describe a new form of synaptic plasticity that increases or decreases the
strength of all of a neuron's synaptic inputs as a function of activity. Chronic 
blockade of cortical culture activity increased the amplitude of miniature
excitatory postsynaptic currents (mEPSCs) without changing their kinetics.
Conversely, blocking GABA (gamma-aminobutyric acid)-mediated inhibition initially
raised firing rates, but over a 48-hour period mESPC amplitudes decreased and
firing rates returned to close to control values. These changes were at least
partly due to postsynaptic alterations in the response to glutamate, and
apparently affected each synapse in proportion to its initial strength. Such
'synaptic scaling' may help to ensure that firing rates do not become saturated
during developmental changes in the number and strength of synaptic inputs, as
well as stabilizing synaptic strengths during Hebbian modification and
facilitating competition between synapses.

DOI: 10.1038/36103 
PMID: 9495341  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


236. Nature. 1997 Oct 23;389(6653):860-5.

Metaplasticity at identified inhibitory synapses in Aplysia.

Fischer TM(1), Blazis DE, Priver NA, Carew TJ.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychology, Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut 06520-8205, 
USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 1997 Oct 23;389(6653):791-2.

Synaptic plasticity is an important feature of neural networks involved in the
encoding of information. In the analysis of long-term potentiation and long-term 
depression, several examples have emerged in which this plasticity is itself
modulated. This higher-order form of plasticity has been referred to as
'metaplasticity', a modification of synapses reflected as a change in the ability
to induce or maintain plasticity. These observations raise the question of the
possible advantage of regulating the intrinsic plastic properties of a synapse.
The neural circuit mediating the siphon withdrawal reflex in Aplysia provides a
useful network in which to examine this question directly. Inhibitory synapses in
this circuit (from L30 neurons) exhibit a variety of forms of activity-dependent 
short-term synaptic enhancement which contribute to dynamic gain control in the
siphon withdrawal reflex. Here we report that tail shock, an extrinsic modulatory
input of known behavioural relevance, induces differential metaplasticity at this
synapse, attenuating its ability to exhibit short-term synaptic enhancement after
presynaptic activation (augmentation and post-tetanic potentiation), while
leaving intact its capacity for enhancement during activation. This attenuation
of inhibition at the synaptic level seems to mediate comparable attenuation of
inhibitory modulation at both network and behavioural levels.

DOI: 10.1038/39892 
PMID: 9349819  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


237. Nature. 1997 Jan 9;385(6612):123.

Serotonin in the spotlight.

Penev PD, Zee PC, Turek FW.

DOI: 10.1038/385123a0 
PMID: 8990111  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


238. Nature. 1997 May 15;387(6630):278-81.

Synaptic plasticity in a cerebellum-like structure depends on temporal order.

Bell CC(1), Han VZ, Sugawara Y, Grant K.

Author information: 
(1)R. S. Dow Neurological Sciences Institute, Good Samaritan Hospital and Medical
Center, Portland, Oregon 97209, USA. bellc@lhs.org

Cerebellum-like structures in fish appear to act as adaptive sensory processors, 
in which learned predictions about sensory input are generated and subtracted
from actual sensory input, allowing unpredicted inputs to stand out. Pairing
sensory input with centrally originating predictive signals, such as corollary
discharge signals linked to motor commands, results in neural responses to the
predictive signals alone that are 'negative images' of the previously paired
sensory responses. Adding these 'negative images' to actual sensory inputs
minimizes the neural response to predictable sensory features. At the cellular
level, sensory input is relayed to the basal region of Purkinje-like cells,
whereas predictive signals are relayed by parallel fibres to the apical dendrites
of the same cells. The generation of negative images could be explained by
plasticity at parallel fibre synapses. We show here that such plasticity exists
in the electrosensory lobe of mormyrid electric fish and that it has the
necessary properties for such a model: it is reversible, anti-hebbian (excitatory
postsynaptic potentials (EPSPs) are depressed after pairing with a postsynaptic
spike) and tightly dependent on the sequence of pre- and postsynaptic events,
with depression occurring only if the postsynaptic spike follows EPSP onset
within 60 ms.

DOI: 10.1038/387278a0 
PMID: 9153391  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


239. Nature. 1996 Jan 4;379(6560):78-81.

Regulation of glutamate release by presynaptic kainate receptors in the
hippocampus.

Chittajallu R(1), Vignes M, Dev KK, Barnes JM, Collingridge GL, Henley JM.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Anatomy, School of Medical Sciences, University of Bristol, UK.

Most reported actions of kainate are mediated by AMPA
(alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionate) receptors. Here we report 
that, unlike AMPA which stimulates, kainate elicits a dose-dependent decrease in 
L-glutamate release from rat hippocampal synaptosomes and also depresses
glutamatergic synaptic transmission. Brief exposure to kainate inhibited
Ca(2+)-dependent [3H]L-glutamate release by up to 80%. Inhibition was reversed by
kainate antagonists but not by the AMPA-selective non-competitive antagonist
1-(4-aminophenyl)-4-methyl-7,8-methylenedioxy-5H-2,3-benzodiazepine (GYKI 52466).
A corresponding reversible kainate-evoked depression of NMDA
(N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptor-mediated excitatory postsynaptic currents
(e.p.s.cs) was observed when AMPA receptors were blocked by GYKI 52466. The
synaptic depression was preceded by a brief period of enhanced release and a
small inward current was also observed. The effects of kainate were unaffected by
metabotropic glutamate (mGlu), GABAA, GABAB, glycine and adenosine receptor
antagonists. These results indicate that glutamate release can be modulated
directly by kainate autoreceptors.

DOI: 10.1038/379078a0 
PMID: 8538745  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


240. Nature. 1997 Feb 13;385(6617):630-4.

Use-dependent increases in glutamate concentration activate presynaptic
metabotropic glutamate receptors.

Scanziani M(1), Salin PA, Vogt KE, Malenka RC, Nicoll RA.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Cellular and Molecular Pharmacology, University of California at
San Francisco, 94143, USA.

The classical view of fast chemical synaptic transmission is that released
neurotransmitter acts locally on postsynaptic receptors and is cleared from the
synaptic cleft within a few milliseconds by diffusion and by specific reuptake
mechanisms. This rapid clearance restricts the spread of neurotransmitter and,
combined with the low affinities of many ionotropic receptors, ensures that
synaptic transmission occurs in a point-to-point fashion. We now show, however,
that when transmitter release is enhanced at hippocampal mossy fibre synapses,
the concentration of glutamate increases and its clearance is delayed; this
allows it to spread away from the synapse and to activate presynaptic inhibitory 
metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluRs). At normal levels of glutamate release 
during low-frequency activity, these presynaptic receptors are not activated.
When glutamate concentration is increased by higher-frequency activity or by
blocking glutamate uptake, however, these receptors become activated, leading to 
a rapid inhibition of transmitter release. This effect may be related to the
long-term depression of mossy fibre synaptic responses that has recently been
shown after prolonged activation of presynaptic mGluRs (refs 2, 3). The
use-dependent activation of presynaptic mGluRs that we describe here thus
represents a negative feedback mechanism for controlling the strength of synaptic
transmission.

DOI: 10.1038/385630a0 
PMID: 9024660  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


241. Nature. 1988 May 12;333(6169):171-4.

Long-term heterosynaptic inhibition in Aplysia.

Montarolo PG(1), Kandel ER, Schacher S.

Author information: 
(1)Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Columbia University, College of Physicians
and Surgeons, New York, New York.

Synaptic transmission between mechanosensory and motor neurons of the gill
withdrawal reflex in Aplysia can undergo both short-term and long-term
modulation. One form of short-term synaptic depression lasting minutes can be
evoked by the peptide Phe-Met-Arg-Phe-amide (FMRFamide), and is mediated by the
lipoxygenase pathway of arachidonic acid. We report here using cell culture, that
the same monosynaptic sensory-to-motor component of the gill withdrawal reflex
can also undergo long-term synaptic depression lasting 24 h after five
applications of FMRFamide over a 2-h period. The long-term depression evoked by
FMRFamide is transmitter-specific. Dopamine or low-frequency stimulation of
sensory neurons, which also produce short-lasting synaptic depression in vivo,
failed to evoke a long-term change. As is the case for long-term presynaptic
facilitation of this connection with serotonin, the long-term depression, but not
the short-term, can be blocked when applications of FMRFamide are given in the
presence of anisomycin, a reversible inhibitor of protein synthesis. Thus,
heterosynaptic depression parallels heterosynaptic facilitation in having a
long-term as well as a short-term form, and in both cases the long-term
modulation requires the synthesis of gene products not essential for the
short-term changes.

DOI: 10.1038/333171a0 
PMID: 3367986  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


242. Nature. 1987 Feb 26-Mar 4;325(6107):783-7.

Bipolar affective disorders linked to DNA markers on chromosome 11.

Egeland JA, Gerhard DS, Pauls DL, Sussex JN, Kidd KK, Allen CR, Hostetter AM,
Housman DE.

An analysis of the segregation of restriction fragment length polymorphisms in an
Old Order Amish pedigree has made it possible to localize a dominant gene
conferring a strong predisposition to manic depressive disease to the tip of the 
short arm of chromosome 11.

DOI: 10.1038/325783a0 
PMID: 2881209  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


243. Nature. 1996 Aug 29;382(6594):807-10.

Redistribution of synaptic efficacy between neocortical pyramidal neurons.

Markram H(1), Tsodyks M.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurobiology, The Weizmann Institute for Science, Rehovot,
Israel.

Comment in
    Nature. 1996 Aug 29;382(6594):759-60.

Experience-dependent potentiation and depression of synaptic strength has been
proposed to subserve learning and memory by changing the gain of signals conveyed
between neurons. Here we examine synaptic plasticity between individual
neocortical layer-5 pyramidal neurons. We show that an increase in the synaptic
response, induced by pairing action-potential activity in pre- and postsynaptic
neurons, was only observed when synaptic input occurred at low frequencies. This 
frequency-dependent increase in synaptic responses arises because of a
redistribution of the available synaptic efficacy and not because of an increase 
in the efficacy. Redistribution of synaptic efficacy could represent a mechanism 
to change the content, rather than the gain, of signals conveyed between neurons.

DOI: 10.1038/382807a0 
PMID: 8752273  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


244. Nature. 1996 Jun 6;381(6582):526-8.

Experience-dependent modification of synaptic plasticity in visual cortex.

Kirkwood A(1), Rioult MC, Bear MF.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neuroscience and Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Brown
University, Providence, Rhode Island 02912, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 1996 Jun 6;381(6582):471-2.

In many regions of the cerebral cortex, Ca2+ influx through NMDA
(N-methyl-D-aspartate) sensitive glutamate receptors (NMDA receptors) can trigger
two forms of synaptic plasticity: long-term depression (LTD) and long-term
potentiation (LTP). LTD is induced by low levels of postsynaptic NMDA-receptor
activation, for instance in response to low-frequency stimulation, whereas LTP is
induced by the stronger activation that occurs following high-frequency
stimulation. Theoretical studies have shown that the properties of synaptic LTD
and LTP can account for many aspects of experience-dependent plasticity in the
developing visual cortex, provided that the LTD-LTP crossover point (the
modification threshold, theta(m)) varies as a function of the history of cortical
activity. Here we provide direct experimental evidence that the value of theta(m)
depends on sensory experience. We find in visual cortex of light-deprived rats
that LTP is enhanced and LTD diminished over a range of stimulation frequencies, 
and that these effects can be reversed by as little as two days of light
exposure. Our findings support the idea that a variable synaptic modification
threshold allows synaptic weights in neural networks to achieve a stable
equilibrium.

DOI: 10.1038/381526a0 
PMID: 8632826  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


245. Nature. 1996 May 9;381(6578):163-6.

Bidirectional modification of CA1 synapses in the adult hippocampus in vivo.

Heynen AJ(1), Abraham WC, Bear MF.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neuroscience, Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island 02912, 
USA.

Memories are believed to be stored by synaptic modifications. One type of
activity-dependent synaptic modification, long-term potentiation (LTP), has
received considerable attention as a possible memory mechanism, particularly in
hippocampus. However, use-dependent decreases in synaptic strength can store
information as well. A form of homosynaptic long-term depression (LTD) has been
described and widely studied in the CA1 region of the developing hippocampus in
vitro. However, the relevance of this model of LTD to memory has been questioned 
because of failures to replicate it in the adult brain in vitro and, more
recently, in vivo. Here we re-examine this important issue and find that
homosynaptic LTD can in fact be elicited in the adult hippocampus in vivo, that
it has all the properties described in immature CA1 in vitro, and that LTD and
LTP are reversible modifications of the same Schaffer collateral synapses. Thus
homosynaptic LTD is not peculiar to brain slices, nor is it only of developmental
significance. Rather, out data suggest that the mechanisms of LTD and LTD may be 
equal partners in the mneumonic operations of hippocampal neural networks.

DOI: 10.1038/381163a0 
PMID: 8610015  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


246. Nature. 1996 May 30;381(6581):429-34.

Associative, bidirectional modifications at the hippocampal mossy fibre-CA3
synapse.

Derrick BE(1), Martinez JL Jr.

Author information: 
(1)Division of Life Sciences, The University of Texas, San Antonio 78249, USA.

Long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD) are
activity-dependent changes in synaptic strength that may serve as the cellular
mechanisms of information storage in the vertebrate brain. The mossy fibre-CA3
synapse displays NMDA (M-methyl-D-aspartate) receptor-independent forms of LTP
and LTD that were thought to be non-associative. Here we report that the mossy
fibre-CA3 synapse displays each of the known types of LTD in vivo, including
associative, heterosynaptic and homosynaptic LTD. These types of LTD are induced 
when only two of the three conditions necessary for mossy fibre LTP induction are
provided. Because some of these conditions can be provided by convergent CA3
afferents, each type of LTD can be induced in an associative manner, which
suggests that LTD is involved in associative information storage. Similar to the 
induction of NMDA receptor-dependent LTD and LTP at other cortical synapses,
mossy fibre LTD occurs when synaptic conditions are insufficient to induce LTP,
and both LTP and LTD induction are influenced by previous synaptic activity,
consistent with the view that common principles govern activity-dependent
plasticity at cortical synapses.

DOI: 10.1038/381429a0 
PMID: 8632800  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


247. Nature. 1988 Feb 4;331(6155):440-2.

Lithium inhibits adrenergic and cholinergic increases in GTP binding in rat
cortex.

Avissar S(1), Schreiber G, Danon A, Belmaker RH.

Author information: 
(1)Clinical Pharmacology Unit, Ben Gurion University of the Negev, Beer Sheva,
Israel.

Lithium is a unique drug with therapeutic as well as prophylactic value for both 
manic and depressive phases of manic-depressive illness. The precise mechanisms
of its clinical efficacy remain unknown, but there are two main theories of its
biochemical action. One proposes that lithium inhibits adrenergically activated
adenylate cyclase function whereas the other suggests that it inhibits
phosphatidyl inositol turnover, which is known to be activated by cholinergic
agonists. Neither mechanism alone, however, can explain both the antimanic and
antidepressant effects of lithium. Because of the pivotal role of G proteins in
post-receptor information transduction, we have investigated the interaction of
lithium with G protein function. Lithium at therapeutically efficacious
concentrations completely blocked both adrenergic and cholinergic agonist-induced
increases in [3H]GTP binding to membranes from rat cerebral cortex, in both in
vitro and ex vivo experiments. The same lithium treatments also abolished guanine
nucleotide modulation of agonist binding. Our findings suggest G proteins (Gs and
Gi or Go) as the molecular site of action for both the antimanic and
antidepressant effects of lithium.

DOI: 10.1038/331440a0 
PMID: 3340189  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


248. Nature. 1964 Mar 21;201:1246-7.

PSYCHIATRIST AS A VARIABLE IN THE PROCESS OF INTERVIEW AND TREATMENT.

LOWINGER P, DOBIE S.


PMID: 14151399  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


249. Nature. 1995 Nov 23;378(6555):383-6.

Behavioural abnormalities in male mice lacking neuronal nitric oxide synthase.

Nelson RJ(1), Demas GE, Huang PL, Fishman MC, Dawson VL, Dawson TM, Snyder SH.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychology, Behavioral Neuroendocrinology Group, Johns Hopkins
University, Baltimore, Maryland 21218-2686, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 1995 Nov 23;378(6555):336.

In addition to its role in blood vessel and macrophage function, nitric oxide
(NO) is a neurotransmitter found in high densities in emotion-regulating brain
regions. Mice with targeted disruption of neuronal NO synthase (nNOS) display
grossly normal appearance, locomotor activity, breeding, long-term potentiation
and long-term depression. The nNOS- mice are resistant to neural stroke damage
following middle cerebral artery ligation. Although CO2-induced cerebral
vasodilatation in wild-type mice is NO-dependent, in nNOS- mice this vasodilation
is unaffected by NOS inhibitors. Establishing a behavioural role for NO has,
until now, not been feasible, as NOS inhibitor drugs can only be administered
acutely and because their pronounced effects on blood pressure and other body
functions obfuscate behavioural interpretations. We now report a large increase
in aggressive behaviour and excess, inappropriate sexual behaviour in nNOS- mice.

DOI: 10.1038/378383a0 
PMID: 7477374  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


250. Nature. 1995 Jun 8;375(6531):493-7.

Distinct pools of synaptic vesicles in neurotransmitter release.

Pieribone VA(1), Shupliakov O, Brodin L, Hilfiker-Rothenfluh S, Czernik AJ,
Greengard P.

Author information: 
(1)Laboratory of Molecular and Cellular Neuroscience, Rockefeller University, New
York, New York 10021, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 1995 Jun 8;375(6531):450-1.

Nerve terminals are unique among cellular secretory systems in that they can
sustain vesicular release at a high rate. Although little is known about the
mechanisms that account for the distinctive features of neurotransmitter release,
it can be assumed that neuron-specific proteins are involved. One such protein
family, the synapsins, are believed to regulate neurotransmitter release through 
phosphorylation-dependent interactions with synaptic vesicles and cytoskeletal
elements. Here we show that clusters of vesicles at synaptic release sites are
composed of two pools, a distal pool containing synapsin and a proximal pool
devoid of synapsin and located adjacent to the presynaptic membrane. Presynaptic 
injection of synapsin antibodies resulted in the loss of the distal pool, without
any apparent effect on the proximal pool. Depletion of this distal pool was
associated with a marked depression of neurotransmitter release evoked by
high-frequency (18-20 Hz) but not by low-frequency (0.2 Hz) stimulation. Thus the
availability of the synapsin-associated pool of vesicles seems to be required to 
sustain release of neurotransmitter in response to high-frequency bursts of
impulses.

DOI: 10.1038/375493a0 
PMID: 7777058  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


251. Nature. 1995 Jun 8;375(6531):488-93.

Essential functions of synapsins I and II in synaptic vesicle regulation.

Rosahl TW(1), Spillane D, Missler M, Herz J, Selig DK, Wolff JR, Hammer RE,
Malenka RC, Südhof TC.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Texas Southwestern Medical
School, Dallas 75235, USA.

Comment in
    Nature. 1995 Jun 8;375(6531):450-1.

Synaptic vesicles are coated by synapsins, phosphoproteins that account for 9% of
the vesicle protein. To analyse the functions of these proteins, we have studied 
knockout mice lacking either synapsin I, synapsin II, or both. Mice lacking
synapsins are viable and fertile with no gross anatomical abnormalities, but
experience seizures with a frequency proportional to the number of mutant
alleles. Synapsin-II and double knockouts, but not synapsin-I knockouts, exhibit 
decreased post-tetanic potentiation and severe synaptic depression upon
repetitive stimulation. Intrinsic synaptic-vesicle membrane proteins, but not
peripheral membrane proteins or other synaptic proteins, are slightly decreased
in individual knockouts and more severely reduced in double knockouts, as is the 
number of synaptic vesicles. Thus synapsins are not required for neurite
outgrowth, synaptogenesis or the basic mechanics of synaptic vesicle traffic, but
are essential for accelerating this traffic during repetitive stimulation. The
phenotype of the synapsin knockouts could be explained either by deficient
recruitment of synaptic vesicles to the active zone, or by impaired maturation of
vesicles at the active zone, both of which could lead to a secondary
destabilization of synaptic vesicles.

DOI: 10.1038/375488a0 
PMID: 7777057  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


252. Nature. 1994 Nov 17;372(6503):237-43.

Motor deficit and impairment of synaptic plasticity in mice lacking mGluR1.

Conquet F(1), Bashir ZI, Davies CH, Daniel H, Ferraguti F, Bordi F, Franz-Bacon
K, Reggiani A, Matarese V, Condé F, et al.

Author information: 
(1)Glaxo Institute for Molecular Biology, Plan-Les-Ouates/Geneva, Switzerland.

Comment in
    Nature. 1994 Nov 17;372(6503):218-9.

Metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 (mGluR1) is a member of a large family of
G-protein-coupled glutamate receptors, the physiological functions of which are
largely unknown. Mice deficient in mGluR1 have severe motor coordination and
spatial learning deficits. They have no gross anatomical or basic
electrophysiological abnormalities in either the cerebellum or hippocampus, but
they show impaired cerebellar long-term depression and hippocampal mossy fibre
long-term potentiation. mGluR1-deficient mice should therefore be valuable models
for studying synaptic plasticity.

DOI: 10.1038/372237a0 
PMID: 7969468  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


253. Nature. 1994 Oct 20;371(6499):704-7.

Changes in reliability of synaptic function as a mechanism for plasticity.

Stevens CF(1), Wang Y.

Author information: 
(1)Laboratory for Molecular Neurobiology, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Salk
Institute, La Jolla, California 92110.

Comment in
    Nature. 1994 Oct 20;371(6499):652-3.

Synaptic transmission in the hippocampus is rather unreliable, with many
presynaptic action potentials failing to release neurotransmitter. How is this
unreliability affected by the alterations in synaptic strength seen in long-term 
potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD)? We find that LTP increases
synaptic reliability, and LTD decreases it, both without a change in the size of 
those postsynaptic currents that do occur. Thus LTD is a functional inverse of
LTP.

DOI: 10.1038/371704a0 
PMID: 7935816  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


254. Nature. 1994 Sep 22;371(6495):330-3.

Ecological and temporal placement of early Pliocene hominids at Aramis, Ethiopia.

WoldeGabriel G(1), White TD, Suwa G, Renne P, de Heinzelin J, Hart WK, Heiken G.

Author information: 
(1)FES-1/D462, Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico 87545.

Comment in
    Nature. 1995 Aug 17;376(6541):558-9.
    Nature. 1994 Sep 22;371(6495):280-1.

Sedimentary deposits in the Middle Awash research area of Ethiopia's Afar
depression have yielded vertebrate fossils including the most ancient hominids
known. Radioisotopic dating, geochemical analysis of interbedded volcanic ashes
and biochronological considerations place the hominid-bearing deposits at around 
4.4 million years of age. Sedimentological, botanical and faunal evidence
suggests a wooded habitat for the Aramis hominids.

DOI: 10.1038/371330a0 
PMID: 8090201  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


255. Nature. 1994 Aug 25;370(6491):652-5.

Inhibition of endocytosis by elevated internal calcium in a synaptic terminal.

von Gersdorff H(1), Matthews G.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurobiology and Behavior, State University of New York, Stony
Brook, 11794-5230.

During synaptic transmission in the nervous system, synaptic vesicles fuse with
the plasma membrane of presynaptic terminals, releasing neurotransmitter by
exocytosis. The vesicle membrane is then retrieved by endocytosis and recycled
into new transmitter-containing vesicles. Exocytosis in synaptic terminals is
calcium-dependent, and we now report that endocytosis also is regulated by the
intracellular calcium concentration ([Ca2+]i). Capacitance measurements in
synaptic terminals of retinal bipolar neurons revealed that endocytosis was
strongly inhibited by elevated [Ca2+]i in the range achieved by Ca(2+)-current
activation. The rate of membrane retrieval was steeply dependent on [Ca2+]i, with
a Hill coefficient of 4 and half-inhibition at approximately 500 nM. At [Ca2+]i >
or = 900 nM, endocytosis was entirely absent. The action of internal calcium on
endocytosis represents a novel negative-feedback mechanism controlling the rate
of membrane recovery in synaptic terminals after neurotransmitter secretion. As
membrane retrieval is the first step in vesicle recycling, this mechanism may
contribute to activity-dependent synaptic depression.

DOI: 10.1038/370652a0 
PMID: 8065451  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


256. Nature. 1994 Jun 9;369(6480):493-7.

The role of Rab3A in neurotransmitter release.

Geppert M(1), Bolshakov VY, Siegelbaum SA, Takei K, De Camilli P, Hammer RE,
Südhof TC.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Texas Southwestern Medical
Center, Dallas 75235.

The small GTP-binding protein Rab3A is a Rab family member that is abundant in
brain synaptic vesicles. Here we show that mice in which the rab3A gene has been 
mutated by homologous recombination do not express Rab3A but are viable and
fertile. Electrophysiological recordings in hippocampal CA1 pyramidal cells
indicate that most of their synaptic parameters are also normal, although
synaptic depression after short trains of repetitive stimuli (15-30 stimuli at 14
Hz) is significantly increased. Levels of the Rab3A-binding protein rabphilin are
decreased by 70%, but expression of more than 20 other synaptic proteins is
unchanged. No compensatory changes were detected in other GTP-binding proteins or
in proteins that interact with Rab3. Rab3A thus appears not to be essential for
synaptic vesicle exocytosis but to play a role in the recruitment of synaptic
vesicles for exocytosis during repetitive stimulation.

DOI: 10.1038/369493a0 
PMID: 7911226  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


257. Nature. 1994 Mar 17;368(6468):242-6.

Simultaneous LTP of non-NMDA- and LTD of NMDA-receptor-mediated responses in the 
nucleus accumbens.

Kombian SB(1), Malenka RC.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychiatry, LPPI, University of California, San Francisco
94143-0984.

The nucleus accumbens (NA), a ventral extension of the striatum, plays a role in 
several complex behaviour patterns and also is a major site of action of drugs of
abuse such as cocaine. Intrinsic NA cells are predominantly quiescent and their
activity depends on excitatory input from cortical and subcortical limbic
afferents. Here we examine the mechanisms of synaptic plasticity at the synapse
between prelimbic cortical afferents and cells in the core region of the NA.
Manipulations that induce a Ca(2+)-dependent long-term potentiation (LTP) of
non-NMDA (N-methyl-D-aspartate)-receptor-mediated responses also produce a
simultaneous long-term depression (LTD) of NMDA-receptor-mediated responses.
These results indicate that in a single cell the same change in postsynaptic Ca2+
concentration can have opposite effects on non-NMDA- and NMDA-receptor-mediated
synaptic responses. This may be particularly important in the NA, where NMDA
receptors are critical for mediating the behavioural actions of drugs of abuse.

DOI: 10.1038/368242a0 
PMID: 7908412  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


258. Nature. 1993 Jul 29;364(6436):450-3.

Amplification of calcium-induced gene transcription by nitric oxide in neuronal
cells.

Peunova N(1), Enikolopov G.

Author information: 
(1)Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, New York 11724.

Erratum in
    Nature 1993 Sep 30;365(6445):468.

Nitric oxide (NO) is a short-lived, highly reactive gas, which has been
identified as a mediator in vasodilation, an active agent in macrophage
cytotoxicity and neurotoxicity, and a neuro-transmitter in the central and
peripheral nervous systems. Production of NO by neurons is critical for
facilitated synaptic transmission in models of synaptic plasticity such as
long-term potentiation and long-term depression, suggesting a role for NO as a
retrograde messenger that could complete a hypothetical feedback loop by
strengthening the connection between postsynaptic and presynaptic cells. We
report here that although alone NO has no evident effect on transcription, it can
act as an amplifier of calcium signals in neuronal cells. NO and Ca2+ action have
to coincide in time for amplification to occur. Experiments with a series of
simplified reporter genes in combination with specific recombinant protein kinase
inhibitors suggest that induction of gene activity following NO-amplified calcium
action involves protein kinase A-dependent activation of the transcription factor
CREB.

DOI: 10.1038/364450a0 
PMID: 8392663  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


259. Nature. 1993 Jul 8;364(6433):147-9.

Reversal of long-term potentiation by inhibitors of haem oxygenase.

Stevens CF(1), Wang Y.

Author information: 
(1)Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Salk Institute, La Jolla, California 92037.

Comment in
    Nature. 1993 Jul 8;364(6433):104-5.

Evidence that carbon monoxide can serve as an intercellular messenger in brain, a
role much like that demonstrated for nitric oxide in various tissue, prompted us 
to investigate whether carbon monoxide participates in long-term potentiation
(LTP), the cellular mechanism that may underlie certain forms of learning and
memory. Although LTP is triggered in the postsynaptic neuron, at least some
fraction of LTP is expressed presynaptically as an increase in the quantity of
neurotransmitter released. Thus, a retrograde signal must form the communication 
link between the postsynaptic site of induction and the presynaptic site of
expression. To test whether carbon monoxide might act as a retrograde signal in
LTP, we have investigated the effect on LTP of inhibitors of the enzyme haem
oxygenase-2, which catalyses the production of carbon monoxide in the brain. We
find that these inhibitors prevent the induction of LTP and have no effect on one
form of long-term depression. Furthermore, they will reverse LTP that is already 
established.

DOI: 10.1038/364147a0 
PMID: 8321285  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


260. Nature. 1992 Apr 16;356(6370):601-4.

Synaptic excitation produces a long-lasting rebound potentiation of inhibitory
synaptic signals in cerebellar Purkinje cells.

Kano M(1), Rexhausen U, Dreessen J, Konnerth A.

Author information: 
(1)Max-Planck-Institut für Biophysikalische Chemie, Göttingen, Germany.

Persistent changes in synaptic efficacy are thought to underlie the formation of 
learning and memory in the brain. High-frequency activation of an afferent
excitatory fibre system can induce long-term potentiation, and conjunctive
activation of two distinct excitatory synaptic inputs to the cerebellar Purkinje 
cells can lead to long-term depression of the synaptic activity of one of the
inputs. Here we report a new form of neural plasticity in which activation of an 
excitatory synaptic input can induce a potentiation of inhibitory synaptic
signals to the same cell. In cerebellar Purkinje cells stimulation of the
excitatory climbing fibre synapses is followed by a long-lasting (up to 75 min)
potentiation of gamma-aminobutyric acid A (GABAA) receptor-mediated inhibitory
postsynaptic currents (i.p.s.cs), a phenomenon that we term rebound potentiation.
Using whole-cell patch-clamp recordings in combination with fluorometric video
imaging of intracellular calcium ion concentration, we find that a climbing
fibre-induced transient increase in postsynaptic calcium concentration triggers
the induction of rebound potentiation. Because the response of Purkinje cells to 
bath-applied exogenous GABA is also potentiated after climbing fibre-stimulation 
with a time course similar to that of the rebound potentiation of i.p.s.cs, we
conclude that the potentiation is caused by a calcium-dependent upregulation of
postsynaptic GABAA receptor function. We propose that rebound potentiation is a
mechanism by which in vivo block of climbing fibre activity induces an increase
in excitability in Purkinje cells. Moreover, rebound potentiation of i.p.s.cs is 
a cellular mechanism which, in addition to the long-term depression of parallel
fibre synaptic activity, may have an important role for motor learning in the
cerebellum.

DOI: 10.1038/356601a0 
PMID: 1313949  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


261. Nature. 1993 Feb 18;361(6413):634-7.

Imaging terminals of Aplysia sensory neurons demonstrates role of enhanced Ca2+
influx in presynaptic facilitation.

Eliot LS(1), Kandel ER, Siegelbaum SA, Blumenfeld H.

Author information: 
(1)Center for Neurobiology and Behavior, College of Physicians and Surgeons of
Columbia University, New York, New York.

Modulation of transmitter release underlies several forms of learning-related
synaptic plasticity, including presynaptic facilitation and long-term
potentiation. Although the presynaptic terminals of most neurons are not
accessible for direct study, it has often been possible to correlate changes in
calcium influx in the cell body, owing to modulation of K+ or Ca2+ channels, with
changes in release. Some forms of presynaptic plasticity, however, do not involve
changes in Ca2+ influx. Moreover, the presence of multiple types of K+ and Ca2+
channels with different subcellular distributions makes the direct measurement of
Ca2+ influx into presynaptic terminals essential. Using synapses reconstituted in
culture between Aplysia sensory and motor neurons, we have imaged Ca2+ influx in 
presynaptic terminal regions in response to action potentials, and demonstrate
that presynaptic facilitation produced by 5-hydroxytryptamine involves enhanced
Ca2+ influx through dihydropyridine (DHP)-insensitive Ca2+ channels present near 
release sites. This increased influx is attributable to spike broadening and is
significantly correlated with the magnitude of presynaptic facilitation. By
contrast, DHP-sensitive channels appear to aid the recovery from depression due
to high-frequency stimulation.

DOI: 10.1038/361634a0 
PMID: 8382344  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


262. Nature. 1993 Feb 18;361(6413):637-41.

Phosphorylation and modulation of recombinant GluR6 glutamate receptors by
cAMP-dependent protein kinase.

Raymond LA(1), Blackstone CD, Huganir RL.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neuroscience, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine,
Baltimore, Maryland 21205.

Glutamate-gated ion channels mediate most excitatory synaptic transmission in the
central nervous system and play crucial roles in synaptic plasticity, neuronal
development and some neuropathological conditions. These ionotropic glutamate
receptors have been classified according to their preferred agonists as NMDA
(N-methyl-D-aspartate), AMPA (alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole
propionate) and KA (kainate) receptors. On the basis of sequence similarity and
pharmacological properties, the recently cloned glutamate receptor subunits have 
been assigned as components of NMDA (NMDAR1, 2A-D), AMPA (GluR1-4) and KA
(GluR5-7, KA1, KA2) receptors. Protein phosphorylation of glutamate receptors by 
protein kinase C and cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase (PKA) has been suggested
to regulate their function, possibly playing a prominent role in certain forms of
synaptic plasticity such as long-term potentiation and long-term depression. Here
we report that the GluR6 glutamate receptor, transiently expressed in mammalian
cells, is directly phosphorylated by PKA, and that intracellularly applied PKA
increases the amplitude of the glutamate response. Site-specific mutagenesis of
the serine residue (Ser 684) representing a PKA consensus site completely
eliminates PKA-mediated phosphorylation of this site as well as the potentiation 
of the glutamate response. These results provide evidence that direct
phosphorylation of glutamate receptors modulates their function.

DOI: 10.1038/361637a0 
PMID: 8094892  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


263. Nature. 1993 Jan 14;361(6408):165-8.

Protein kinase C modulates glutamate receptor inhibition of Ca2+ channels and
synaptic transmission.

Swartz KJ(1), Merritt A, Bean BP, Lovinger DM.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurobiology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachussetts
02115.

Fast synaptic transmission in the central nervous system can be modulated by
neurotransmitters and second-messenger pathways. For example, transmission at
glutamatergic synapses can be depressed by the metabotropic glutamate receptor,
providing autoreceptor-mediated negative feedback. Metabotropic glutamate
receptor inhibition of Ca2+ channels may contribute to this pathway. In contrast,
stimulation of protein kinase C can enhance excitatory synaptic transmission,
whereas both depression and enhancement of Ca2+ current have been reported. Here 
we show that in hippocampal CA3 and cortical pyramidal neurons, activation of
protein kinase C enhances current through N-type Ca2+ channels and, in addition, 
dramatically reduces G protein-dependent inhibition of these same channels by the
metabotropic glutamate receptor. In parallel experiments on fast excitatory
transmission at corticostriatal synapses, kinase C activators were similarly
found to reduce the inhibitory effect produced by stimulation of the metabotropic
glutamate receptor. The results show that second-to-second control of Ca2+
channels by the metabotropic glutamate receptor can itself be modulated on a
slower timescale by protein kinase C. These mechanisms may be used in the control
of fast excitatory synaptic transmission.

DOI: 10.1038/361165a0 
PMID: 8380626  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


264. Nature. 1984 Mar 29-Apr 4;308(5958):450-2.

Direct hyperpolarizing action of baclofen on hippocampal pyramidal cells.

Newberry NR, Nicoll RA.

Baclofen has been used as an antispastic agent for over a decade, yet its
mechanism of action is still not fully understood. While early iontophoretic
studies revealed a depression of neuronal activity, more recent studies have
emphasized a presynaptic depression of transmitter release, both in the
peripheral and central nervous system, possibly resulting from a blockade of
calcium channels. Although baclofen is structurally similar to the inhibitory
neurotransmitter, gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), none of its actions seem to be 
antagonized by the GABA antagonist, bicuculline. However, recent experiments have
indicated that baclofen binds to a class of bicuculline-resistant GABA receptors,
termed GABAB receptors. Here, we have analysed the action of baclofen on the
membrane potential of CA1 hippocampal pyramidal cells in vitro and report that it
directly hyperpolarizes these cells in a potent, stereoselective manner which is 
resistant to bicuculline methiodide. This response is associated with a decrease 
in neuronal input resistance and may involve an increase in potassium
conductance.


PMID: 6709051  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


265. Nature. 1992 Nov 12;360(6400):161-3.

A single amino-acid difference confers major pharmacological variation between
human and rodent 5-HT1B receptors.

Oksenberg D(1), Marsters SA, O'Dowd BF, Jin H, Havlik S, Peroutka SJ, Ashkenazi
A.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Pulmonary Research and Gene Therapy, Genentech Inc., South San
Francisco, California 94080.

Neuropsychiatric disorders such as anxiety, depression, migraine, vasospasm and
epilepsy may involve different subtypes of the 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT)
receptor. The 1B subtype, which has a unique pharmacology, was first identified
in rodent brain. But a similar receptor could not be detected in human brain,
suggesting the absence in man of a receptor with equivalent function. Recently a 
human receptor gene was isolated (designated 5-HT1B receptor, 5-HT1D beta
receptor, or S12 receptor) which shares 93% identity of the deduced protein
sequence with rodent 5-HT1B receptors. Although this receptor is identical to
rodent 5-HT1B receptors in binding to 5-HT, it differs profoundly in binding to
many drugs. Here we show that replacement of a single amino acid in the human
receptor (threonine at residue 355) with a corresponding asparagine found in
rodent 5-HT1B receptors renders the pharmacology of the receptors essentially
identical. This demonstrates that the human gene does indeed encode a 1B
receptor, which is likely to have the same biological functions as the rodent
5-HT1B receptor. In addition, these findings show that minute sequence
differences between homologues of the same receptor from different species can
cause large pharmacological variation. Thus, drug-receptor interactions should
not be extrapolated from animal to human species without verification.

DOI: 10.1038/360161a0 
PMID: 1436092  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


266. Nature. 1992 Nov 19;360(6401):277-80.

Are vertebrate exons scanned during splice-site selection?

Niwa M(1), MacDonald CC, Berget SM.

Author information: 
(1)Verna and Marrs McClean Department of Biochemistry, Baylor College of
Medicine, Houston, Texas 77030.

Pairwise recognition of splice sites as a result of a scanning mechanism is an
attractive model to explain the coordination of vertebrate splicing. Such a
mechanism would predict a polarity-of-site recognition in the scanned unit, but
no evidence for a polarity gradient across introns has been found. We have
suggested that the exon rather than the intron is the unit of recognition in
vertebrates and that polyadenylation and splicing factors interact during
recognition of 3'-terminal exons. Interaction is reflected in maximal rates of in
vitro polyadenylation. If scanning across the exon is operating during this
interaction, then insertion of a 5' splice site should depress polyadenylation.
Here we report recognition in vitro and in vivo of a 5' splice site situated
within a 3'-terminal exon, and a concomitant depression of polyadenylation and
ultraviolet crosslinking of a polyadenylation factor. Decreased crosslinking was 
only found when the 3' and 5' splice sites were within 300 nucleotides of each
other. These results are consistent with an exon scanning mechanism for
splice-site selection.

DOI: 10.1038/360277a0 
PMID: 1359430  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


267. Nature. 1992 Oct 1;359(6394):409-10.

Parents suppress reproduction and stimulate dispersal in opposite-sex juvenile
white-footed mice.

Wolff JO(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Fisheries and Wildlife, Oregon State University, Corvallis
97331-3803.

Juvenile dispersal is sex-biased in many mammals and birds: one sex often
disperses more often or farther than the other. Two hypotheses are generally
presented for sex-biased dispersal. The first holds that juvenile dispersal
reduces reproductive and/or resource competition between parents and same-sexed
offspring. If so, presence of a parent on the natal home range should both
promote dispersal of same-sex offspring and suppress reproduction of those that
remain. The second is that juvenile dispersal reduces matings between parents and
offspring, thus decreasing the likelihood of inbreeding depression. If so,
presence of a parent should favour dispersal and reproductive suppression of
offspring of the opposite sex. Here I present evidence that juvenile dispersal in
white-footed mice, Peromyscus leucopus, is due to inbreeding avoidance. When
population density was high, experimental removal of one parent delayed dispersal
of opposite-sexed offspring and only the presence of the parents of opposite sex 
suppressed juvenile reproduction.

DOI: 10.1038/359409a0 
PMID: 1406952  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


268. Nature. 1991 Nov 7;354(6348):66-70.

Cloning and expression of a functional serotonin transporter from rat brain.

Blakely RD(1), Berson HE, Fremeau RT Jr, Caron MG, Peek MM, Prince HK, Bradley
CC.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Anatomy and Cell Biology, Emory University School of Medicine,
Atlanta, Georgia 30322.

Selective antagonism of serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5HT) and noradrenaline
transport by antidepressants is a key element in the 'amine' hypothesis of
affective disorders. Uptake and/or transport sites of 5HT have been reported to
be reduced in platelets of patients suffering from depression and in post-mortem 
brain samples of depressed patients and suicide victims. To date there has been
little molecular information available on the structure and regulation of 5HT
transporters. Using the polymerase chain reaction with degenerate
oligonucleotides derived from two highly conserved regions of the transporters
for noradrenaline and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), we have identified a large 
family of related gene products expressed in rodent brain. One of these products 
hybridizes to a single 3.7-kilobase RNA restricted to rat midbrain and brainstem,
where it is highly enriched within the serotonergic raphe complex. Transfection
with a single 2.3-kilobase brainstem complementary DNA clone is sufficient to
confer expression of a Na(+)-dependent 5HT transporter upon nonneural cells, with
transport selectively and potently antagonized by 5HT uptake-specific
antidepressants, including paroxetine, citalopram and fluoxetine.

DOI: 10.1038/354066a0 
PMID: 1944572  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


269. Nature. 1991 Mar 28;350(6316):350-4.

Expression cloning of a cocaine- and antidepressant-sensitive human noradrenaline
transporter.

Pacholczyk T(1), Blakely RD, Amara SG.

Author information: 
(1)Section of Molecular Neurobiology, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Yale
University School of Medicine, New Haven, Connecticut 06510.

At most synapses, chemical signalling is terminated by a rapid reaccumulation of 
neurotransmitter into presynaptic terminals. Uptake systems for the biogenic
amines are the initial site of action for therapeutic antidepressants and drugs
such as cocaine and the amphetamines. We have isolated a complementary DNA clone 
encoding a human noradrenaline transporter. The cDNA sequence predicts a protein 
of 617 amino acids, with 12-13 highly hydrophobic regions compatible with
membrane-spanning domains. Expression of the cDNA clone in transfected HeLa cells
indicates that noradrenaline transport activity is sodium-dependent and sensitive
to selective noradrenaline transport inhibitors. Transporter RNA is localized to 
the brainstem and the adrenal gland. The predicted protein sequence demonstrates 
significant amino-acid identity with the Na+/gamma-aminobutyric acid transporter,
thus identifying a new gene family for neurotransmitter transporter proteins.
Analysis of its structure and function may lead to structure-based drug design
for the treatment of human depression and could help determine whether
transporter abnormalities underlie affective disorders.

DOI: 10.1038/350350a0 
PMID: 2008212  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


270. Nature. 1990 Oct 25;347(6295):765-7.

Potassium conductances in hippocampal neurons blocked by excitatory amino-acid
transmitters.

Charpak S(1), Gähwiler BH, Do KQ, Knöpfel T.

Author information: 
(1)Brain Research Institute, University of Zürich, Switzerland.

Excitatory amino acids mediate fast synaptic transmission in the central nervous 
system through the activation of at least three distinct ionotropic receptors:
N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA), the
alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-isoxasole-4-propionate (AMPA)/quisqualate (QUIS)
and the kainate subtypes (for reviews, see refs 1, 2). They also activate the
additional QUIS 'metabotropic' receptor (sensitive to
trans-1-amino-cyclopentyl-1,3-dicarboxylate, ACPD) linked to inositol
phospholipid metabolism. We have used hippocampal slice cultures to study the
electrophysiological consequences of the metabotropic response. We find that
activation of an ACPD-sensitive QUIS receptor produces a 'slow' excitation of CA3
pyramidal cells, resulting from depression of a Ca2(+)-dependent K+ current and a
voltage-gated K+ current. Combined voltage-clamp and microfluorometric recordings
show that, although these receptors can trigger an increase in intracellular Ca2+
concentration, suppression of K+ currents is independent of changes in
intracellular Ca2+. These effects closely resemble those induced by activating
muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the same neurons and suggest that
excitatory amino acids not only act as fast ionotropic transmitters but also as
slow neuromodulatory transmitters.

DOI: 10.1038/347765a0 
PMID: 2172830  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


271. Nature. 1990 Aug 9;346(6284):561-4.

Structure of a cannabinoid receptor and functional expression of the cloned cDNA.

Matsuda LA(1), Lolait SJ, Brownstein MJ, Young AC, Bonner TI.

Author information: 
(1)Laboratory of Cell Biology, National Institutes of Mental Health, Bethesda,
Maryland 20892.

Comment in
    Nature. 1990 Aug 9;346(6284):508.

Marijuana and many of its constituent cannabinoids influence the central nervous 
system (CNS) in a complex and dose-dependent manner. Although CNS depression and 
analgesia are well documented effects of the cannabinoids, the mechanisms
responsible for these and other cannabinoid-induced effects are not so far known.
The hydrophobic nature of these substances has suggested that cannabinoids
resemble anaesthetic agents in their action, that is, they nonspecifically
disrupt cellular membranes. Recent evidence, however, has supported a mechanism
involving a G protein-coupled receptor found in brain and neural cell lines, and 
which inhibits adenylate cyclase activity in a dose-dependent, stereoselective
and pertussis toxin-sensitive manner. Also, the receptor is more responsive to
psychoactive cannabinoids than to non-psychoactive cannabinoids. Here we report
the cloning and expression of a complementary DNA that encodes a G
protein-coupled receptor with all of these properties. Its messenger RNA is found
in cell lines and regions of the brain that have cannabinoid receptors. These
findings suggest that this protein is involved in cannabinoid-induced CNS effects
(including alterations in mood and cognition) experienced by users of marijuana.

DOI: 10.1038/346561a0 
PMID: 2165569  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


272. Nature. 1990 Jul 5;346(6279):74-6.

Development of venous occlusions in mice transgenic for the plasminogen activator
inhibitor-1 gene.

Erickson LA(1), Fici GJ, Lund JE, Boyle TP, Polites HG, Marotti KR.

Author information: 
(1)Cardiovascular Diseases, Upjohn Company, Kalamazoo, Michigan 49001.

The fibrinolytic potential of the vasculature is modulated primarily by the
availability and activity of plasminogen activators, which convert the zymogen
plasminogen into the active fibrin-degrading enzyme plasmin. The activities of
these key regulatory enzymes are directly neutralized by their primary endogenous
inhibitor, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1). Although some individuals
with a tendency to develop thrombotic disorders exhibit elevated levels of PAI-1 
in their plasma, the cause-and-effect relationship between increased PAI-1 and
thrombosis is still unclear. Specifically, it is not known whether chronic
depression of fibrinolytic activity results in the development of thrombosis. To 
address this question we developed transgenic mice in which the contribution of
PAI-1 to thrombus formation could be evaluated. The results presented in this
report indicate that elevated levels of PAI-1 contribute to the development of
venous but not arterial occlusions.

DOI: 10.1038/346074a0 
PMID: 2366866  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


273. Nature. 1989 Mar 23;338(6213):340-2.

A diacylglycerol analogue reduces neuronal calcium currents independently of
protein kinase C activation.

Hockberger P(1), Toselli M, Swandulla D, Lux HD.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurophysiology, Max Planck Institute for Psychiatry,
Martinsried-Planegg, FRG.

Diacylglycerol analogues (for example 1,2-oleoylacetylglycerol, OAG) and phorbol 
esters are activators of protein kinase C, and have been widely used to study the
function of this enzyme in both intact cells and cell-free preparations.
Electrophysiological studies have shown that these activators can either depress 
or increase Ca2+ currents, or decrease K+ currents when applied outside the cell.
It has been assumed that these effects are mediated by protein kinase C
activation. Here we report that micromolar levels of OAG and phorbol esters
depress Ca2+ currents in chick sensory neurons independently of their effect as
activators of protein kinase C. The depression of the Ca2+ current is rapid and
is unaffected by intracellular application of the protein kinase C inhibitors
staurosporin, sphingosine and H-7. Furthermore, the activators were ineffective
when applied intracellularly, indicating that their site of action is on the
outside of the membrane.

DOI: 10.1038/338340a0 
PMID: 2922062  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


274. Nature. 1989 Feb 2;337(6206):468-71.

In vivo binding pattern of a trans-regulator of homoeotic genes in Drosophila
melanogaster.

Zink B(1), Paro R.

Author information: 
(1)Zentrum für Molekulare Biologie, Universität Heidelberg, FRG.

The specification and maintenance of the metameric pattern in Drosophila
melanogaster is regulated by complicated gene interactions. The differential
expression of the homoeotic genes of the Antennapedia complex (ANT-C) and
bithorax complex (BX-C), which determine segmental identities, is partly
controlled by cross-regulatory interactions of loci within the two clusters and
partly by trans-acting factors located outside the two complexes. One of the
trans-regulatory genes, Polycomb (Pc), acts as a repressor of the ANT-C and BX-C.
Mutations of Polycomb result in a complete depression of the homoeotic genes,
leading to abdominal transformations of all body segments. Polycomb is part of a 
large class of trans-regulatory genes (Pc-group), estimated to comprise up to 40 
loci. We have raised antibodies against the Polycomb protein, and, using an
improved immunostaining technique, showed that the Polycomb protein binds to 60
discrete sites along the polytene chromosomes of salivary glands. These sites
comprise the ANT-C and the BX-C as well as several locations of Pc-group genes.
This is the first clear evidence for a direct interaction of Polycomb with
homoeotic loci and other Pc-group genes.

DOI: 10.1038/337468a0 
PMID: 2563569  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


275. Nature. 1987 Mar 19-25;326(6110):289-92.

Genetic linkage between X-chromosome markers and bipolar affective illness.

Baron M, Risch N, Hamburger R, Mandel B, Kushner S, Newman M, Drumer D, Belmaker 
RH.

A pedigree study shows close linkage of bipolar affective illness (manic
depression) to the X-chromosome markers colour blindness and glucose-6-phosphate 
dehydrogenase deficiency. The maximum lod score ranges from 7.52 (assuming
homogeneity) to 9.17 (assuming heterogeneity); that is, the odds in favour of
linkage range between 3 X 10(7) to 1 and 10(9) to 1. These results provide
confirmation that a major psychiatric disorder can be caused by a single genetic 
defect. As a possible first step in characterizing the primary genetic
abnormality, this finding may have important implications for the aetiology,
nosology, pathophysiology and, possibly, prevention and treatment of bipolar
affective disorder. It also provides a means for identifying and characterizing
homogeneous populations of patients and may help in clarifying aetiological
heterogeneity.

DOI: 10.1038/326289a0 
PMID: 3493438  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


276. Nature. 1987 Jan 15-21;325(6101):276-9.

Quisqualate receptors are specifically involved in cerebellar synaptic
plasticity.

Kano M, Kato M.

Long-term modification of transmission efficacy at synapses is the cellular basis
of memory and learning. A special type of synaptic plasticity in the cerebellum
was postulated theoretically, and has since been verified. Each cerebellar
Purkinje cell (PC) receives two distinct excitatory inputs, one from parallel
fibres (PFs) and the other from a climbing fibre (CF). When these two types of
inputs are conjunctively activated, PF-PC transmission undergoes long-term
depression (LTD). Accumulated evidence suggests that LTD plays a role in the
motor learning processes of the cerebellum. At the molecular level, LTD appears
to be caused by desensitization of receptor molecules in PC dendrites towards the
PF neurotransmitter, presumably L-glutamate (Glu). Glu receptors are
heterogeneous and can be divided into several subtypes. In this study, we
compared the potency of several Glu agonists in inducing LTD and found a highly
selective dependency of LTD on the quisqualate(QA)-selective subtype of Glu
receptors.

DOI: 10.1038/325276a0 
PMID: 2880297  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


277. Nature. 1987 Jan 1-7;325(6099):58-60.

Activation of protein kinase C augments evoked transmitter release.

Shapira R, Silberberg SD, Ginsburg S, Rahamimoff R.

In view of the emerging role of the phosphoinositide system in cellular
communication we examined its involvement in quantal-transmitter release, which
is a key element in synaptic transmission. Transmitter release is normally
activated by an increase in intracellular calcium, achieved either by entry of
calcium ions through the presynaptic membrane or by intracellular calcium
liberation. One of the targets of the phosphoinositide signalling system is the
enzyme protein kinase C (PKC), which can be activated experimentally by tumour
promoting phorbol esters, including 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate (TPA).
Such activation of PKC may be implicated in transmitter release in two ways.
First, phorbol esters were found to increase secretion and enhance calcium
currents; it might therefore be expected that they would increase synaptic
transmitter release. But phorbol esters also inhibit the calcium current in
dorsal root ganglion neurones. We report that the phorbol ester TPA augments
synaptic transmission at the neuromuscular junction by increasing transmitter
liberation. Activation of PKC also depends synaptic depression.

DOI: 10.1038/325058a0 
PMID: 2432432  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


278. Nature. 1986 May 8-14;321(6066):167-8.

A benzodiazepine used in the treatment of insomnia phase-shifts the mammalian
circadian clock.

Turek FW, Losee-Olson S.

Between 5 and 20% of the adult population in Western countries suffer from
insufficient and/or unsatisfying sleep, often associated with certain psychiatric
disorders or with certain types of professional activities (for example, shift
workers) and travel schedules (for example, jet lag). The benzodiazepines are at 
present the drug treatment of choice for the management of anxiety and
stress-related conditions as well as insomnia. Benzodiazepines are thought to act
by potentiating the action of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid
(GABA), a widely distributed transmitter in the central nervous system. The
circadian system has a key role in the regulation of the sleep-wake cycle, and at
least some forms of insomnia may be the result of a disorder of the circadian
sleep-wake rhythm. Similarly, at least some forms of depression may also involve 
disruption of normal circadian rhythmicity. A central pacemaker for the
generation of many circadian rhythms in mammals, including the sleep-wake cycle, 
appears to be located in the suprachiasmatic nucleus, and recent research
indicates that both cell bodies and axons containing GABA are present within the 
bilaterally paired suprachiasmatic nuclei. These findings raise the possibility
that the benzodiazepines, commonly prescribed for sleep and mental disorders, may
have an effect on the central circadian pacemaker. Here we report that the acute 
administration of triazolam, a short-acting benzodiazepine commonly prescribed
for the treatment of insomnia, induces a phase-shift in the circadian rhythm of
locomotor activity in golden hamsters. This suggests a role for GABA-containing
neurones in the mammalian circadian system.

DOI: 10.1038/321167a0 
PMID: 3703016  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


279. Nature. 1985 Feb 14-20;313(6003):573-5.

Ice-free cryopreservation of mouse embryos at -196 degrees C by vitrification.

Rall WF, Fahy GM.

The failure of complex mammalian organs, such as the kidney, to function
following freezing to low temperatures is thought to be due largely to mechanical
disruption of the intercellular architecture by the formation of extracellular
ice. Classical approaches to the avoidance of ice formation through the
imposition of ultra-rapid cooling and warming rates or by gradual depression of
the equilibrium freezing point during cooling to -80 degrees C have not been
adequate. An alternative approach relies on the ability of highly concentrated
aqueous solutions of cryoprotective agents to supercool to very low temperatures.
At sufficiently low temperatures, these solutions become so viscous that they
solidify without the formation of ice, a process termed vitrification. When
embryo suspensions are cryopreserved using conventional procedures, this
supercooling behaviour allows intracellular vitrification, even in the presence
of extracellular ice. We have therefore used mouse embryos to examine the
feasibility of obtaining high survival following vitrification of both the intra-
and extracellular solutions and report here that in properly controlled
conditions embryos seem to survive in high proportions after cryopreservation in 
the absence of ice.


PMID: 3969158  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


280. Nature. 1984 Apr 26-May 2;308(5962):848-50.

Real-time optical imaging of naturally evoked electrical activity in intact frog 
brain.

Grinvald A, Anglister L, Freeman JA, Hildesheim R, Manker A.

A major obstacle to understanding the function and development of the vertebrate 
brain is the difficulty in monitoring dynamic patterns of electrical activity in 
the millesecond time domain; this has limited investigations of such phenomena as
modular organization of functional units, seizure activities and spreading
depression. The use of voltage-sensitive dyes and the recent development of the
use of an array of photodiodes has provided a unique technique for monitoring the
dynamic patterns of electrical activity in real time from a variety of
invertebrate or vertebrate neuronal preparations including the rat cortex. In the
present study, this technique has been used to investigate the intact optic
tectum of the frog. We demonstrate that optical measurements can be used for
real-time imaging of spatio-temporal patterns of neuronal responses and for
identification of functional units evoked by natural visual stimuli. We report
also the structure of the new voltage-sensitive probe that facilitates the in
vivo applications of this technique.


PMID: 6717577  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


281. Nature. 1977 Jun 9;267(5611):495-9.

Endogenous opioid peptides: multiple agonists and receptors.

Lord JA, Waterfield AA, Hughes J, Kosterlitz HW.

Opioid peptides were assayed by inhibition of 3H-naloxone and 3H-leu-enkephalin
binding in brain homogenates and by depression of contractions of the guinea pig 
ileum and mouse vas deferens. We conclude that the opioid peptidergic system has 
agonists of different characteristics which interact with more than one type of
receptor.


PMID: 195217  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


282. Nature. 1990 Jan 11;343(6254):161-3.

Occurrence of magnetic bacteria in soil.

Fassbinder JW(1), Stanjek H, Vali H.

Author information: 
(1)Institut für Allgemeine und Angewandte Geophysik,
Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, FRG.

Enrichment of the ferrimagnetic minerals magnetite and maghemite is frequently
observed in the top layer of soil horizons. Although both inorganic and organic
processes are known to produce magnetite, magnetite in soils has been ascribed to
an inorganic origin. We report here the discovery of living magnetic bacteria,
similar to those found in salt- and fresh-water sediments, in the A horizon of a 
well developed soil profile in a typical meadow environment in southern Bavaria. 
The bacteria were detected in fresh samples using an optical microscope equipped 
with a rotating magnetic field and a volumetrically calibrated depression slide, 
permitting accurate counts of the volume density of the organisms. We suggest
that magnetic bacteria and their magnetofossils can contribute to the magnetic
properties of soils.

DOI: 10.1038/343161a0 
PMID: 2296306  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


283. Nature. 1981 Apr 9;290(5806):500-1.

Removal of bound calcium from nematocyst contents causes discharge.

Lubbock R, Amos WB.

Nematocysts are the stinging organelles of jellyfish, sea anemones and other
cnidarians. Each one consists of a closed capsule filled with fluid. In the
resting state, part of the surface of the capsule is inverted, forming a tubular 
thread, which is everted explosively on excitation. The mechanism of explosion is
not yet understood, it may be relevant to exocytosis in general, as the
nematocyst is a specialized type of exocytotic secretion originating in the Golgi
apparatus. Picken and Skaer observed that the capsular fluid showed a large
depression of freezing point, suggesting that the osmotic pressure might be as
high as 140 bar. They tentatively ascribed the explosion to a sudden increase in 
permeability of the capsule wall, allowing a rapid osmotic influx of water.
However, there is evidence that the material of the thread itself may be capable 
of some degree of extension and it has been suggested that osmosis plays no part 
in discharge. We present here a new theory: that the capsule wall is permeable to
water even in the undischarged state; discharge is initiated by an increase in
the osmotic pressure of the capsular fluid which is brought about by removal of
bound calcium ions.


PMID: 6111754  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


284. Nature. 1979 Oct 25;281(5733):680-2.

Clindamycin and lincomycin alter miniature endplate current decay.

Fiekers JF, Marshall IG, Parsons RL.

Antibiotic-induced muscle paralysis has frequently been found in both
experimental animals and man with three distinct classes of antibiotic: (1)
streptomycin and related aminoglycoside compounds, (2) polymyxins and (3)
tetracyclines. Recently lincomycin and its chemical congener, clindamycin, have
been reported to produce muscle paralysis which has different characteristics
from those seen with other classes of antibiotic. Although closely related in
chemical structure, lincomycin and clindamycin also seem to produce muscle
paralysis by different mechanisms. Clindamycin is considered to exert a direct
depressant action on muscle contractility whereas the action of lincomycin is
considered to be primarily a depression of neuromuscular transmission. We report 
here that each of these antibiotics had a significant but different influence on 
endplate channel behaviour. Clindamycin increased the rate of miniature endplate 
current (m.e.p.c.) decay and reduced its voltage sensitivity without altering its
exponential nature. Lincomycin split m.e.p.c. decay into an initial rapid phase
followed by a prolonged phase.


PMID: 233129  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


285. Nature. 1988 Jun 30;333(6176):848-50.

Chronic ethanol causes heterologous desensitization of receptors by reducing
alpha s messenger RNA.

Mochly-Rosen D(1), Chang FH, Cheever L, Kim M, Diamond I, Gordon AS.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurology, University of California School of Medicine, San
Francisco General Hospital 94110.

One of the biochemical results of ethanol exposure is a change in the amount of
the intracellular second messenger cyclic AMP (cAMP) produced in response to
receptor stimulation. In general, acute ethanol exposure increases the amount of 
cAMP produced on stimulation of receptors coupled to the enzyme adenylyl cyclase 
via the GTP-binding protein Gs, whereas chronic ethanol exposure has the opposite
effect (results for receptors coupled via Gi have been more variable). We
previously reported that adaptation to continuous ethanol exposure reduces
receptor-stimulated cAMP production by 25-35% in a neuroblastoma cell line
(NG108-15), and an even greater reduction of 75% was observed in lymphocytes
taken from actively-drinking alcoholics. This reduction in receptor-stimulated
cAMP levels was recently confirmed in platelets from alcoholics. None of these
studies, however, determined whether more than one receptor coupled to adenylyl
cyclase activity was affected in the same cell. Here we report that chronic
ethanol exposure causes desensitization of heterologous receptors coupled to Gs
as cAMP production mediated by prostaglandin E1 as well as by adenosine is
reduced by approximately 30% in NG108-15 cells. We show that, after chronic
ethanol exposure, the activity of the alpha subunit of Gs is decreased by 29%,
the amount of alpha s protein is decreased by 38.5%, and alpha s messenger RNA is
decreased by 30%. Thus, cellular adaptation to ethanol involves a reduction in
alpha s mRNA and, as a consequence, reduced cAMP production by heterologous
receptors coupled to Gs. Such changes in cAMP production may account for the
tolerance and physical dependence on ethanol in alcoholism.

DOI: 10.1038/333848a0 
PMID: 2838757  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


286. Nature. 1981 Jul 30;292(5822):454-5.

Inhibition of basophil histamine release by anti-inflammatory steroids.

Schleimer RP, Lichtenstein LM, Gillespie E.


PMID: 6166866  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


287. Nature. 1981 Jan 15;289(5794):181-4.

Selective inhibition of T suppressor-cell function by a monosaccharide.

Koszinowski UH, Kramer M.

Interactions between regulatory T lymphocytes and other cells are assumed to
occur at the level of the cell surface. T cells which suppress the generation of 
specifically effector cells have been described as having antigenic, idiotypic,
allotypic and I-region specificity. Other T suppressor cells generated by in
vitro cultivation with or without mitogenic stimulation have suppressive activity
for T and B cells but no specificity can be assigned to them. These T suppressor 
cells (Ts) inhibit various lymphoid functions-this either reflects their
polyclonal origin or indicates that the structures recognized by the Ts receptors
must be common for many cell types. Carbohydrates on cell membrane-inserted
glycoproteins or glycolipids might function as specific ligands for recognition
by cellular receptors or soluble factors. Almost all cell-surface proteins of
mammalian cells are glycosylated. There is evidence for lectin-like carbohydrate 
binding proteins not only in plants but also in toxins, viruses, prokaryotic
cells and even mammalian cells, including T cells. A functional role for these
lectin-like proteins has been described for slime moulds and suggested for the
selective association of embryonic cells. We report here that addition of a
monosaccharide can counteract the effect of T suppressor cells during the
generation of alloreactive cytotoxic T cells (CTLs) in vitro.


PMID: 6450329  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


288. Nature. 1980 Nov 6;288(5786):86-8.

Somatostatin selectively inhibits noradrenaline release from hypothalamic
neurones.

Göthert M.

Somatostatin in a hypothalamic peptide hormone which inhibits growth hormone
release from the anterior pituitary. However, biochemical and morphological
investigations have revealed that somatostatin is located not only in the
hypothalamus but also in other brain areas (for example the cerebral cortex)
where it occurs and in nerve cell bodies and fibres from which it can be released
in a Ca2+-dependent manner. It has therefore been suggested that the neuropeptide
may have functions in the central nervous system other than its effect on growth 
hormone release; one possible action is that of a neuromodulator. Therefore,
hypothalamic and cerebral cortical slices of the rat were used to examine whether
somatostatin modifies the electrically or CaCl2-evoked release of tritiated
monoamines from monoaminergic neurones. it is reported here that somatostatin
inhibits 3H-noradrenaline release from the hypothalamus (but not from the
cerebral cortex) but does not affect the release of 3H-dopamine and 3H-serotonin.


PMID: 6107859  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


289. Nature. 1980 Jul 31;286(5772):529-31.

Novobiocin inhibition of simian virus 40 DNA replication.

Edenberg HJ.


PMID: 6250072  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


290. Nature. 1980 Jan 10;283(5743):195-7.

Prostacyclin inhibits mobilisation of fibrinogen-binding sites on human ADP- and 
thrombin-treated platelets.

Hawiger J, Parkinson S, Timmons S.

Prostacyclin (prostaglandin I2, PGI2), produced by the blood vessel wall is the
most potent known inhibitor of platelet aggregation induced by such stimuli as
ADP and thrombin. It binds to a specific platelet receptor and activates
adenylate cyclase, raising the cyclic AMP level in platelets. This property can
be important because platelets participate in several significant interactions.
For example, the interaction with fibrinogen or fibrin contributes to the
formation of the haemostatic plug. Intact plasma fibrinogen is required for the
aggregation of platelets induced by ADP, and endogenous platelet fibrinogen
influences thrombin-induced aggregation. We have therefore studied the effect of 
prostacyclin on the interaction of fibrinogen with human platelets. We now report
that prostacyclin inhibits the mobilisation of specific binding sites
('receptors') for fibrinogen on human platelets and that this effect parallels
the inhibition of ADP- or thrombin-induced aggregation. The inhibitory effect of 
prostacyclin may limit the extent of platelet-fibrinogen interaction in vivo and 
in extracorporeal circulation.


PMID: 6985716  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


291. Nature. 1979 Nov 29;282(5738):515-6.

Enkephalins presynaptically inhibit cholinergic transmission in sympathetic
ganglia.

Konishi S, Tsunoo A, Otsuka M.

Recent biochemical and immunohistochemical studies have shown that the opioid
peptides, enkephalins, occur in nerve terminals and cell bodies in mammalian
sympathetic ganglia1-3. Opiates and enkephalins are thought to inhibit synaptic
transmission in the peripheral nervous tissues as well as in the central nervous 
system4-12. The mechanisms of the opiate actions, however, are not entirely
clear; both pre- and postsynaptic sites of action have been proposed7-9,11,12. As
acetylcholine is known to be the major neurotransmitter in the autonomic ganglia 
and as the mechanism of synaptic transmission is well clarified13, analysis of
the peptide action could be more easily but equally usefully carried out in the
peripheral synapses than in central synapses. We now report that enkephalins
presynaptically inhibit cholinergic transmission in sympathetic ganglia.


PMID: 228205  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


292. Nature. 1979 Nov 8;282(5735):212-3.

Inhibition of platelet thrombus formation by chlorpromazine acting to diminish
haemolysis.

Born GV, Wehmeier A.

There is increasing evidence that the sudden, unpredicatable event initiating
myocardial infarction is fissuring of an atherosclerotic plaque. The resulting
haemorrhage into the arterial wall produces obstructive platelet thrombi, just as
arterial haemorrhages elsewhere produce haemostatic platelet plugs. It has been
suggested that such platelet aggregation depends on ADP originating in red cells 
which are subjected to excessive haemodynamic stress at the site of haemorrhage. 
The release of ADP from red cells has been demonstrated in vitro in equivalent
condtions of shear stress; and other mechansims, such as activation by collagen, 
cannot account for the rapidity with which the platelets react. One of us
(G.V.R.B.) has suggested that drugs capable of counteracting haemolysis might
diminish the activating effect of erythrocytes on platelets and so inhibit their 
aggregation as thrombi. Thus, chlorpromazine, added to human blood at
concentrations which diminish haemoylsis but do not directly affect platelet
aggregation, prolonged the 'bleeding time' from small holes in artificial vessels
where extravasation is terminated, as in living arterioles, by aggregated
platelets. The bleeding time was also prolonged by apyrase, consistent with the
conclusion that the chlorpromazine acted through decreasing plasma ADP. We show
here that this occurs through the anti-haemolytic action of chlorpromazine.


PMID: 492337  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


293. Nature. 1979 Oct 25;281(5733):702-4.

Effect of novobiocin on initiation of DNA replication in Bacillus subtilis.

Ogasawara N, Seiki M, Yoshikawa H.

The initiation of DNA replication of small replicons in vitro involves
conformational changes in the whole DNA molecule or in the region near to the
replication origin. One striking finding has been the role of DNA gyrase (that
is, the necessity for supercoiled structure) in the initial stage of ColE1
replication in vitro. However, little is known about the effect of gyrase on the 
initiation of replication of bacterial chromosomes in vivo. We have constructed a
map of cleavage sites of restriction enzymes at the region of the origin of
replication of the Bacillus subtilis chromosome (accompanying paper). This has
now enabled us to examine the effect of novobiocin, a selective inhibitor of DNA 
gyrase, on the replication of the specific chromosomal segments near the origin
and to seek a possible role for the gyrase in the initiation of chromosomal
replication. We have found that only a limited segment of the chromosome at the
origin region was replicated in the presence of novobiocin. This effect allowed
us to locate the site of the origin of replication to within a DNA fragment of
molecular weight 3.4 x 10(6).


PMID: 233136  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


294. Nature. 1979 Sep 20;281(5728):229-30.

Vanadate inhibits uncoupled Ca efflux but not Na--Ca exchange in squid axons.

DiPolo R, Rojas HR, Beaugé L.

Nerve cells can maintain a very low intracellular calcium concentration ([Ca2+]i)
against large Ca2+ electrochemical gradients (see ref. 1 for review). The
properties of the calcium efflux from these cells depend on [Ca2+]i (ref. 2), and
within the physiological range, most Ca efflux depends on ATP (which stimulates
with high affinity) and is insensitive to Na1, Na0 and Ca0 (uncoupled Ca efflux).
When the [Ca2+]i is well above the physiological range, Ca efflux becomes only
partially dependent on ATP (acting now with low affinity), is inhibited by Nai
and is stimulated by Na0 and Ca0 (Na--Ca exchange). Orthovanadate, a powerful
inhibitor of the (Na+ + K+)ATPase and the Na pump, also inhibits the
Ca-stimulated ATPase activity, which is the enzymatic basis for the uncoupled Ca 
pump, in human red cells. The experiments reported here show that in squid axons 
the ATP-dependent uncoupled Ca efflux can be fully and reversibly inhibited by
vanadate, whereas concentrations of vanadate 10 times higher have no effect on
the Na--Ca exchange. This is another indication that the uncoupled Ca efflux
represents an ATP-driven Ca pump, and supports the suggestion that the uncoupled 
Ca efflux and Na--Ca exchange are mediated by different mechanisms.


PMID: 225674  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


295. Nature. 1979 Mar 8;278(5700):185-8.

Viroid replication is inhibited by alpha-amanitin.

Mühlbach HP, Sänger HL.


PMID: 763366  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


296. Nature. 1979 Feb 22;277(5698):661-3.

Amines inhibit the clustering of alpha2-macroglobulin and EGF on the fibroblast
cell surface.

Maxfield FR, Willingham MC, Davies PJ, Pastan I.


PMID: 85262  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


297. Nature. 1978 Dec 21-28;276(5690):832-4.

Catecholamines of supposed inhibitory hypophysiotrophic function suppress action 
potentials in prolactin cells.

Taraskevich PS, Douglas WW.


PMID: 723958  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


298. Nature. 1978 Jul 20;274(5668):274-6.

Effect of dibutyryl cyclic AMP on intracellular levels of avian sarcoma virus
specific RNA.

Guntaka RV, Weiner AJ.


PMID: 210389  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


299. Nature. 1978 Jul 13;274(5667):182-4.

Dimethylnitrosamine inhibits enzymatic removal of O6-methylguanine from DNA.

Pegg AE.


PMID: 662015  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


300. Nature. 1978 Mar 23;272(5651):366-8.

Desensitisation of muscarinic receptor-mediated cyclic GMP formation by cultured 
nerve cells.

Richelson E.


PMID: 204871  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


301. Nature. 1978 Mar 23;272(5651):368-70.

LSD labels a novel dopamine receptor in molluscan nervous system.

Drummond AH, Bucher F, Levitan IB.


PMID: 24805  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


302. Nature. 1978 Feb 9;271(5645):559-61.

Morphine and beta-endorphin inhibit release of noradrenaline from cerebral cortex
but not of dopamine from rat striatum.

Arbilla S, Langer SZ.


PMID: 622192  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


303. Nature. 1977 Oct 20;269(5630):700-2.

Inhibition of high-affinity choline transport in peripheral cholinergic endings
by presynaptic snake venom neurotoxins.

Dowdall MJ, Fohlman JP, Eaker D.


PMID: 593330  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


304. Nature. 1977 Sep 15;269(5625):247-9.

Inhibition of adipose conversion of 3T3 fibroblasts by tumour promoters.

Diamond L, O'Brien TG, Rovera G.


PMID: 593321  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


305. Nature. 1977 Jun 30;267(5614):862-3.

Ether induced morphological alteration of Pf-1 filamentous phage.

Amako K, Yasunaka K.


PMID: 895847  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


306. Nature. 1976 Aug 12;262(5569):622-3.

Restriction of template capacity of rat liver chromatin by a non-histone peptide 
from calf thymus.

Gianfranceschi GL, Amici D, Guglielmi L.


PMID: 958432  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


307. Nature. 1976 Jun 3;261(5559):426-7.

Effects of methionine-enkephalin and leucine-enkephalin compared with those of
morphine on brainstem neurones in cat.

Gent JP, Wolstencroft JH.


PMID: 934278  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


308. Nature. 1976 Jan 22;259(5540):220-2.

Inhibitory effect of dibutyryl cyclic AMP and theophylline on the aggregation of 
human brest tumour cell line BT-20.

Tchao R, Leighton J.


PMID: 175280  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


309. Nature. 1975 Dec 25;258(5537):737-9.

Corticosteroids inhibit prostaglandin production by rheumatiod synovia.

Kantrowitz F, Robinson DR, McGuire MB, Levine L.


PMID: 1207758  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


310. Nature. 1975 Nov 27;258(5533):333-5.

Inhibition of mammalian cytotoxic cells by phosphatidylcholine and its analogue.

Frye LD, Friou GJ.


PMID: 1196360  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


311. Nature. 1975 Oct 9;257(5526):495-6.

Action of various antidepressant treatments reduces reactivity of noradrenergic
cyclic AMP-generating system in limbic forebrain.

Vetulani J, Sulser F.


PMID: 170534  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


312. Nature. 1975 Sep 18;257(5523):240-1.

Receptor potential and impulse initiation in two varieties of reptilian muscle
spindle.

Fukami Y.


PMID: 125855  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


313. Nature. 1975 Aug 21;256(5519):646-8.

Chemotaxis of lymphoblasts.

Russell RJ, Wilkinson PC, Sless F, Parrott DM.


PMID: 1167269  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


314. Nature. 1975 Aug 21;256(5519):657-9.

Hormonal regulation of alpha1 foetoprotein.

Belanger L, Hamel D, Lachance L, Dufour D, Tremblay M, Gagnon PM.


PMID: 50565  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


315. Nature. 1975 Aug 14;256(5518):578-80.

Reversible arrest of mouse 3T6 cells in G2 phase of growth by manipulation of a
membrane-mediated G2 function.

Shodell M.


PMID: 1172604  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


316. Nature. 1975 Jun 19;255(5510):632-3.

Inhibitory effect of external sodium ions on the potassium pump in striated
muscle.

Sjodin RA, Medici A.


PMID: 1134555  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


317. Nature. 1975 May 29;255(5507):410-2.

Inhibition of Fc receptors on a murine lymphoid cell line by cholera exotoxin.

Zuckerman SH, Doublas SD.


PMID: 165433  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


318. Nature. 1975 May 29;255(5507):378-82.

Induction of increased calcium uptake in mouse T lymphocytes by concanavalin A
and its modulation by cyclic nucleotides.

Freedman MH, Raff MC.

The binding of concanavqlin A to T but not B mouse spleen lymphocytes increases
Ca-2+ uptake in these cells which is measurable by 45 s and complete by 1 min.
Dibutyrl cyclic AMP, but not sodium azide inhibits induced Ca-2+ uptake, wheras
dibutyryl cyclic GMP enhances it. B cell mitogens do not cause a similar Ca-2+
uptake in mouse B lymphocytes. The induction of increased Ca-2+ uptake by T cells
is discussed in terms of gated membrane channels for Ca-2+.


PMID: 165431  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


319. Nature. 1975 May 8;255(5504):159-62.

Morphine abstinence is associated with increased brain cyclic AMP.

Collier HO, Francis DL.


PMID: 165429  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


320. Nature. 1975 Apr 24;254(5502):708-10.

Ethanol inhibition of transport of 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid from cerebrospinal 
fluid.

Tabakoff B, Bulat M, Anderson RA.


PMID: 1124132  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


321. Nature. 1975 Apr 24;254(5502):703-5.

Pentobarbital modulates transmitter effects on mouse spinal neurones grown in
tissue culture.

Ransom BR, Barker JL.


PMID: 1124130  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


322. Nature. 1975 Apr 10;254(5500):530-1.

Specific inhibition of ribosomal RNA synthesis in vitro by guanosine 3'
diphosphate, 5' diphosphate.

van Ooyen AJ, de Boer HA, Ab G, Gruber M.


PMID: 1091863  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


323. Nature. 1975 Feb 20;253(5493):635-6.

Glucose-induced decrease in Rb+ permeability in pancreatic beta cells.

Sehlin J, Taljedal IB.


PMID: 1089899  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


324. Nature. 1974 Oct 4;251(5474):419-21.

Inhibition of cell growth by oxygenated derivatives of cholesterol.

Chen HW, Kandutsch AA, Waymouth C.


PMID: 4472548  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


325. Nature. 1974 Sep 27;251(5473):324-7.

The role of calcium ions in initiating transformation of lymphocytes.

Maino VC, Green NM, Crumpton MJ.


PMID: 4427658  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


326. Nature. 1974 Jul 12;250(462):148-50.

Decreased antibody formation in mice exposed to lead.

Koller LD, Kovacic S.


PMID: 4602028  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


327. Nature. 1974 May 17;249(454):250-1.

Alpha-hydrazino-ornithine blocks net synthesis of putrescine but not of RNA and
DNA.

Harik SI, Hollenberg MD, Snyder SH.


PMID: 4364359  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


328. Nature. 1974 Mar 15;248(445):239-41.

Colchicine and vinblastine inhibit fibroblast aggregation.

Waddell AW, Robson RT, Edwards JG.


PMID: 4362158  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


329. Nature. 1974 Feb 1;247(5439):284-6.

Glucose inhibition of the glucose-sensitive neurone in the rat lateral
hypothalamus.

Oomura Y, Ooyama H, Sugimori M, Nakamura T, Yamada Y.


PMID: 4818362  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


330. Nature. 1974 Jan 11;247(5436):109-12.

Androgen-induced sexual differentiation of the brain is blocked by inhibitors of 
DNA and RNA synthesis.

Salaman DF, Birkett S.


PMID: 4855580  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


331. Nature. 1974 Jan 4;247(5435):48-9.

Vitamin A deficiency enhances binding of benzo(a)pyrene to tracheal epithelial
DNA.

Genta VM, Kaufman DG, Harris CC, Smith JM, Sporn MB, Saffiotti U.


PMID: 4808941  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


332. Nature. 1973 Dec 14;246(5433):405-9.

Cyclic nucleotides as intracellular mediators of the expression of
antigen-sensitive cells.

Watson J, Epstein R, Cohn M.


PMID: 4357771  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


333. Nature. 1973 Sep 21;245(5421):158-9.

Letter: Evidence for the theory of dual hypothalamic control of ovulation.

Zolovick A, Labhsetwar AP.


PMID: 4582670  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


334. Nature. 1973 Jul 27;244(5413):230-1.

Growth hormone regulation by melatonin and serotonin.

Smythe GA, Lazarus L.


PMID: 4583097  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


335. Nature. 1973 Jul 27;244(5413):222-4.

Rapid and selective inhibition of the synthesis of high molecular weight RNA in
yeast by lomofungin.

Fraser RS, Creanor J, Mitchison JM.


PMID: 4583093  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


336. Nature. 1972 Aug 25;238(5365):459-61.

Inhibition of peptide chain elongation.

Olsnes S, Pihl A.


PMID: 4561855  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


337. Nature. 1971 Jul 2;232(5305):17-9.

Prostaglandins and aspirin.

Collier HO.


PMID: 4997426  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


338. Nature. 1971 Mar 12;230(5289):126-7.

Attenuation of stimulus sensitivity induced by scopolamine.

Warburton DM, Brown K.


PMID: 4927017  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


339. Nature. 1971 Feb 26;229(5287):637-8.

Hangover effect of hypnotics in man.

Walters AJ, Lader MH.


PMID: 4925471  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


340. Nature. 1971 Feb 26;229(5287):632-4.

In vitro assay of cell mediated immunity in human cancer: definition of leukocyte
migration inhibitory factor.

Wolberg WH, Goelzer ML.


PMID: 4925467  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


341. Nature. 1971 Feb 19;229(5286):571.

DDE reduces medullary bone formation in birds.

Oestreicher MI, Shuman DH, Wurster CF.


PMID: 4925362  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


342. Nature. 1971 Feb 12;229(5285):498-500.

Difference in haemodynamic response to prostaglandins A and E.

Kannegiesser H, Lee JB.


PMID: 4925213  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


343. Nature. 1971 Jan 29;229(5283):347-9.

Effects of LSD on receptive fields of single cells in the lateral geniculate
nucleus of the cat.

McKay JM, Horn G.


PMID: 4925787  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


344. Nature. 1971 Jan 29;229(5283):345-7.

Induction of acetylcholinesterase activity in mouse neuroblastoma tissue culture 
cells.

Kates JR, Winterton R, Schlessinger K.


PMID: 4322875  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


345. Nature. 1971 Jan 8;229(5280):112-3.

Effect of prostaglandin E1 on clot retraction.

Mürer EH.


PMID: 4992374  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


346. Nature. 1971 Jan 1;229(5279):52-4.

Effect of ACTH on extinction of rewarded behaiour is blocked by previous
administration of ACTH.

Gray JA.


PMID: 4321220  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


347. Nature. 1970 Dec 26;228(5278):1282-5.

Immunological inhibition of lysosome function.

Tulkens P, Trouet A, Van Hoof F.


PMID: 4098956  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


348. Nature. 1970 Dec 19;228(5277):1224-5.

Cytokinin-like activity of 8-quinolinol sulphate.

Rameshwar A, Steponkus PL.


PMID: 5530577  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


349. Nature. 1970 Dec 19;228(5277):1188-90.

In vivo and in vitro suppression of humoral and cellular immunological response
by rifampicin.

Păunescu E.


PMID: 5487244  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


350. Nature. 1970 Nov 14;228(5272):677-8.

Temporal characteristics of amnesia induced by protein synthesis inhibitor:
determination by shock level.

Quartermain D, McEwen BS.


PMID: 5529057  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


351. Nature. 1970 Nov 14;228(5272):684-5.

Mode of action of the anthelminthic thiabendazole in Haemonchus contortus.

Prichard RK.


PMID: 4319844  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


352. Nature. 1970 Nov 14;228(5272):674-5.

Bicuculline and inhibition of crayfish stretch receptor neurons.

McLennan H.


PMID: 4248817  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


353. Nature. 1970 Oct 24;228(5269):365-6.

Susceptibility of E. coli K-12 to actinomycin D after infection with phage M13.

Roy A, Mitra S.


PMID: 4919773  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


354. Nature. 1970 Oct 17;228(5268):282-3.

Effect of 6,6'-dithiodinicotinic acid on the dissemination of Ehrlich ascites
tumour.

Grassetti DR.


PMID: 5479526  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


355. Nature. 1970 Oct 10;228(5267):134-6.

Preliminary experiments on the chemistry and pharmacology of cannabis.

Gill EW, Paton WD, Pertwee RG.


PMID: 5466704  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


356. Nature. 1970 Sep 5;227(5262):1048-50.

Inhibition of vaccinia virus growth by 1-methyl-4-aminopiperazine.

Thiry L, Lancini G.


PMID: 5449769  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


357. Nature. 1970 Aug 29;227(5261):969-71.

Inhibition by drugs of smoking behaviour in monkeys.

Glick SD, Jarvik ME, Nakamura RK.


PMID: 4988660  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


358. Nature. 1970 Aug 29;227(5261):952-3.

Effect of 2-(alpha-hydroxybenzyl)-benzimidazole and guanidine on the uncoating of
echovirus 12.

Eggers HJ, Waidner E.


PMID: 4988658  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


359. Nature. 1970 Aug 15;227(5259):708-10.

Induction of a mitochondrial DNA polymerase in Tetrahymena.

Westergaard O, Marcker KA, Keiding J.


PMID: 5432069  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


360. Nature. 1970 Aug 8;227(5258):604-6.

Protein-deficient ribosomes in chloramphenicol-treated Escherichia coli.

Young RM, Nakada D.


PMID: 4913915  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


361. Nature. 1970 Aug 1;227(5257):460-3.

Action of DFP the leucocyte and the axon.

Woodin AM, Wieneke AA.


PMID: 5428462  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


362. Nature. 1970 Jul 18;227(5255):286-7.

Changes in behaviour with repeated testing under the influence of drugs:
drug-experience interactions.

Porsolt RD, Joyce D, Summerfield A.


PMID: 5428199  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


363. Nature. 1970 Jul 18;227(5255):279.

Selective suppression of cell mediated immunity by equine anti-rabbit lymphocyte 
serum.

Stewart PB, Bell R.


PMID: 4193612  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


364. Nature. 1970 Jul 11;227(5254):167-8.

Target lymphoid cell population of carcinogen induced immunodepression in mice.

Rowland GF, Hurd CM.


PMID: 4913706  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


365. Nature. 1970 Jul 11;227(5254):133-7.

Protein-synthesizing structures associated with mitochondria.

Perlman S, Penman S.


PMID: 4316951  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


366. Nature. 1970 Jul 11;227(5254):182-3.

Inhibition of sperm capacitation in vitro by contraceptive steroids.

Gwatkin RB, Williams DT.


PMID: 4193640  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


367. Nature. 1970 Jun 27;226(5252):1252-3.

Anomalous rectification and electrogenic sodium transport in a molluscan neuron.

Marmor MF.


PMID: 5422603  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


368. Nature. 1970 Jun 6;226(5249):969-70.

Nitrous acid effect on cleavage and development in fertilized frog eggs.

Nicholson-Guthrie CS.


PMID: 5445882  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


369. Nature. 1970 Jun 6;226(5249):943-5.

In vitro reactivity of lymphocytes to particulate and soluble antigens.

Zabriskie JB, Falk RE.


PMID: 4986518  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


370. Nature. 1970 Apr 18;226(5242):274-6.

Correlated changes in membrane potential and ATP concentrations in Neurospora.

Slayman CL, Lu CY, Shane L.


PMID: 5437519  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


371. Nature. 1970 Apr 11;226(5241):173-4.

Inhibition by hapten of cellular immune responses to a hapten-protein conjugate.

Francis TC, Paul WE.


PMID: 5461775  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


372. Nature. 1970 Apr 11;226(5241):185-6.

Vapour phase inhibition of thiobacilli and ferrobacilli: a potential preservative
for pyritic museum specimens.

Booth GH, Sefton GV.


PMID: 5437009  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


373. Nature. 1970 Mar 28;225(5239):1252-3.

Differential inhibition of rat liver cholesterol biosynthesis by plant growth
retardants.

Paleg LG.


PMID: 5435357  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


374. Nature. 1970 Mar 21;225(5238):1141-2.

Effect of adjuvants on the immunosuppressive properties of antilymphocytic
globulin.

Allardyce RA, Hunter RD, James K.


PMID: 5418245  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


375. Nature. 1969 Apr 19;222(5190):218.

New antiviral drug.

[No authors listed]


PMID: 5778386  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


376. Nature. 1969 Apr 5;222(5188):86-7.

Nuclear transplantation studies of the action of dimidium bromide on amoebae.

Hawkins SE, Willis LR.


PMID: 5775835  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


377. Nature. 1969 Mar 29;221(5187):1268-71.

Inhibition of hypostome formation and polarity re-versal in Hydra.

Hicklin J, Hornbruch A, Wolpert L.


PMID: 4388123  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


378. Nature. 1969 Mar 29;221(5187):1222-4.

Inheritance of an increased sodium pump in human red cells.

Wiley JS.


PMID: 4237640  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


379. Nature. 1969 Mar 22;221(5186):1162-4.

Interactions of dipyridamole and adenosine on platelet aggregation.

Philp RB, Lemieux JP.


PMID: 4975285  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


380. Nature. 1969 Mar 22;221(5186):1147-8.

Streptomycin inhibition of protein synthesis in peas reversed by divalent
cations.

Venis MA.


PMID: 4975277  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


381. Nature. 1969 Mar 15;221(5185):1073-4.

Reversible effect of actinomycin D on nucleoli of Amoeba discoides: nuclear
transplantation study.

Lorch IJ, Jeon KW.


PMID: 5774406  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


382. Nature. 1969 Mar 15;221(5185):1053.

Effects of cerebral stimulation on the biosynthesis in vitro of nucleotides and
RNA in brain.

Prives C, Quastel JH.


PMID: 5774396  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


383. Nature. 1969 Mar 15;221(5185):1014-6.

Sequence of the in vitro transcription of T4 DNA.

Milanesi G, Brody EN, Geiduschek EP.


PMID: 5774392  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


384. Nature. 1969 Mar 15;221(5185):1016-8.

Mechanism of action of reagents that uncouple oxidative phosphorylation.

Weinbach EC, Garbus J.


PMID: 4180173  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


385. Nature. 1969 Mar 1;221(5183):805-6.

More immunosuppressives needed.

[No authors listed]


PMID: 5765049  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


386. Nature. 1969 Mar 1;221(5183):833-6.

Continual requirement for a host RNA polymerase component in a bacteriophage
development.

Geiduschek EP, Sklar J.


PMID: 4974638  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


387. Nature. 1969 Feb 15;221(5181):666-7.

Suppression of conception with D-6-methyl-8-cyanomethylergoline (I) in rats.

Rezábek K, Semonský M, Kucharczyk N.


PMID: 5774943  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


388. Nature. 1969 Jan 4;221(5175):79-80.

Inhibition of phagocytosis by anti-macrophage antibodies.

Jennings JF, Hughes LA.


PMID: 5782622  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


389. Nature. 1968 Dec 28;220(5174):1355-6.

Antibody synthesis in vitro by lymph nodes from hamsters bearing adenovirus 12
tumours.

Lefkowitz SS, Reddick RA.


PMID: 4302697  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


390. Nature. 1968 Nov 30;220(5170):914-5.

Monocular input and interhemispheric transfer in the reversible split-brain.

Nadel N, Buresova O.


PMID: 5722141  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


391. Nature. 1968 Nov 23;220(5169):795-6.

Block by LSD of the increase in brain serotonin turnover induced by elevated
ambient temperature.

Aghajanian GK, Weiss BL.


PMID: 5698754  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


392. Nature. 1968 Oct 19;220(5164):277-80.

Metabolic behavior of isozymes of acetylcholinesterase.

Davis GA, Agranoff BW.


PMID: 5684858  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


393. Nature. 1968 Oct 19;220(5164):235-7.

Thermodynamic cosiderations of mammalian thermogenesis.

Prusiner S, Poe M.


PMID: 5684848  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


394. Nature. 1968 Oct 19;220(5164):275-6.

Mutant of E. coli containing an altered DNA-dependent RNA polymerase.

Tocchini-Valentini GP, Marino P, Colvill AJ.


PMID: 4879325  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


395. Nature. 1968 Oct 12;220(5163):189-90.

(2-chloroethyl)-trimethylammonium chloride inhibits gametogenesis in locusts.

Carlisle DB, Ellis PE, McVeigh LJ.


PMID: 5684837  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


396. Nature. 1968 Oct 12;220(5163):181-2.

Effect of acetazolamide on the chloride shift and the sodium pump in secretory
cells.

Slegers JF, Moons WM.


PMID: 5684833  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


397. Nature. 1968 Oct 12;220(5163):177-8.

Block of "memory transfer" by actinomycin D.

Reinis S.


PMID: 5684831  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


398. Nature. 1968 Oct 12;220(5163):137-8.

Melanocyte chalone and mitotic control in melanomata.

Bullough WS, Laurence EB.


PMID: 5684821  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


399. Nature. 1968 Oct 12;220(5163):136-7.

Control of cell production in rat chloroleukemia by means of the granulocytic
chalone.

Rytöma T, Kiviniemi K.


PMID: 5245925  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


400. Nature. 1968 Oct 5;220(5162):83-5.

Inhibition of growth and shedding of antlers by sex hormones.

Goss RJ.


PMID: 5677454  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


401. Nature. 1968 Sep 7;219(5158):1070-1.

Suppression of the primary immune response induced by phytomitogen.

Tobin MS, Tan CV.


PMID: 5673374  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


402. Nature. 1968 Sep 7;219(5158):1068-9.

Uptake and incorporation of exogenous leucine in bacterial cells under high
oxygen tension.

Young HL.


PMID: 5673372  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


403. Nature. 1968 Aug 31;219(5157):952-3.

Ouabain and conduction velocity at different heart frequencies in rabbit
auricles.

Viersma JW, van Rijn HE, Bouman LN.


PMID: 5673014  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


404. Nature. 1968 Aug 17;219(5155):755-7.

Cell migration inhibition factor released by antigen from human peripheral
lymphocytes.

Thor DE, Jureziz RE, Veach SR, Miller E, Dray S.


PMID: 5667078  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


405. Nature. 1968 Aug 17;219(5155):730-1.

Restoration of a potassium-requiring sodium pump in squid giant axons poisoned
with CN and depleted of arginine.

De Weer P.


PMID: 5667062  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


406. Nature. 1968 Aug 3;219(5153):500-1.

Inhibition of the absorption of dietary radiostrontium by aluminium phosphate gel
and sodium alginate in the rat.

Carr TE, Nolan J.


PMID: 5668436  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


407. Nature. 1968 Aug 3;219(5153):515-7.

Antiviral properties of 1-phenoxymethyl-3,4-dihydro and
1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolines.

Brammer KW, McDonald CR, Tute MS.


PMID: 4299256  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


408. Nature. 1968 Jul 27;219(5152):388-9.

Role of sodium in the intestinal active transport of organic solutes.

Jackson MJ, Smyth DH.


PMID: 5662156  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


409. Nature. 1968 Jul 27;219(5152):379-80.

Glutamine synthetase inhibition: possible mode of action of wildfire toxin from
Pseudomonas tabaci.

Sinden SL, Durbin RD.


PMID: 5662152  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


410. Nature. 1968 Jul 27;219(5152):405-7.

Kinetics of death induced by penicillin and chloramphenicol in synchronous
cultures of Escherichia coli.

Mathison GE.


PMID: 4969433  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


411. Nature. 1968 Jul 20;219(5151):291-2.

Chlorination inhibitors in Streptomyces aureofaciens.

Goodman JJ, Matrishin M.


PMID: 5677717  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


412. Nature. 1968 Jul 20;219(5151):276-7.

Amino-acid transport in hamster small intestine: site of inhibition by
D-galactose.

Alvarado F.


PMID: 5671430  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


413. Nature. 1968 Jul 13;219(5150):177-8.

Influence of efferent fibres on a receptor.

Russell IJ.


PMID: 4298197  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


414. Nature. 1968 Jun 8;218(5145):972-3.

Cell respiration as a requirement for antibody release in vitro.

Fitch FW, Roseman JM, Rowley DA, Berenbaum MC.


PMID: 5681245  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


415. Nature. 1968 Jun 8;218(5145):969-70.

Oestrogen as depressor of noradrenaline concentration in the anterior
hypothalamus.

Donoso AO, Cukier JO.


PMID: 5681243  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


416. Nature. 1968 Mar 23;217(5134):1165-7.

Immune haemolysis: reaction of the terminal complement component.

Götze O, Haupt I, Fischer H.


PMID: 4966850  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


417. Nature. 1968 Feb 17;217(5129):673-5.

Action of procaine on calcium efflux from frog nerve and muscle.

Kuperman AS, Altura BT, Chezar JA.


PMID: 5637749  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


418. Nature. 1968 Feb 10;217(5128):573-4.

Sites of action of some partial agonists on the isolated guinea-pig ileum.

Takagi K, Takayanagi I, Taga F, Nishino K.


PMID: 5641115  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


419. Nature. 1967 Dec 30;216(5122):1328-9.

Disodium cromoglycate (FPL 670) ('Intal'): a specific inhibitor of reaginic
antibody-antigen mechanisms.

Cox JS.


PMID: 6080064  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


420. Nature. 1967 Nov 11;216(5115):578-9.

Psychopharmacological profile of molindone.

Rubin AA, Yen HC, Pfeffer M.


PMID: 4966848  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


421. Nature. 1966 Nov 26;212(5065):938-9.

Effects of tropylium ions on respiration of rat heart mitochondria.

Beechey RB, Knight IG.


PMID: 6004581  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


422. Nature. 1966 Nov 26;212(5065):926-7.

Degradation of ribonucleic acid by extracts of germinating peas.

Barker GR, Hollinshead JA.


PMID: 6004575  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


423. Nature. 1966 Nov 26;212(5065):941-2.

Effect of activated charcoal on the swarming of Proteus.

Smith DG, Alwen J.


PMID: 6003737  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


424. Nature. 1966 Nov 26;212(5065):935-6.

Proteolytic enzyme control in squash cotyledons.

Penner D, Ashton FM.


PMID: 6003732  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


425. Nature. 1988 Dec 15;336(6200):688-90.

Inhibition of pluripotential embryonic stem cell differentiation by purified
polypeptides.

Smith AG(1), Heath JK, Donaldson DD, Wong GG, Moreau J, Stahl M, Rogers D.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biochemistry, University of Oxford, UK.

Murine embryonic stem (ES) cells are pluripotent cell lines established directly 
from the early embryo which can contribute differentiated progeny to all adult
tissues, including the germ-cell lineage, after re-incorporation into the normal 
embryo. They provide both a cellular vector for the generation of transgenic
animals and a useful system for the identification of polypeptide factors
controlling differentiation processes in early development. In particular, medium
conditioned by Buffalo rat liver cells contains a polypeptide factor, ES cell
differentiation inhibitory activity (DIA), which specifically suppresses the
spontaneous differentiation of ES cells in vitro, thereby permitting their growth
as homogeneous stem cell populations in the absence of heterologous feeder cells.
ES cell pluripotentiality, including the ability to give rise to functional
gametes, is preserved after prolonged culture in Buffalo rat liver media as a
source of DIA. Here, we report that purified DIA is related in structure and
function to the recently identified hematopoietic regulatory factors human
interleukin for DA cells and leukaemia inhibitory factor. DIA and human
interleukin DA/leukaemia inhibitory factor have thus been identified as related
multifunctional regulatory factors with distinct biological activities in both
early embryonic and hematopoietic stem cell systems.

DOI: 10.1038/336688a0 
PMID: 3143917  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


426. Nature. 1985 Feb 14-20;313(6003):597-600.

Close link between reduction of c-myc expression by interferon and, G0/G1 arrest.

Einat M, Resnitzky D, Kimchi A.

It has recently been reported that c-myc is an inducible gene, regulated directly
by growth signals which promote proliferation and expressed in a cell-cycle
dependent manner. Because various leukaemic cell lines express high levels of
c-myc messenger RNA, it was of interest to discover whether the gene could be
down-regulated in these cells by a growth inhibitor such as interferon (IFN). We 
show here that in Daudi Burkitt's lymphoma cells, IFN-alpha produces a five- to
sevenfold reduction in c-myc mRNA through a decreased rate of c-myc gene
transcription. By isolating a growth-resistant Daudi cell variant that had
escaped from this down-regulation, we provide the first clear link between
reduction of c-myc mRNA and the IFN-mediated G0/G1 arrest characteristic of Daudi
cells. Furthermore, by screening other cell lines, we demonstrate the
heterogeneity of human leukaemic cells with respect to these criteria. Thus,
IFN-alpha fails to reduce the c-myc mRNA and to change the cell-cycle
distribution in HL-60 and U937 cells, although normal induction of other
IFN-regulated activities takes place. The latter group of cells shows a decline
in c-myc gene expression when they become arrested in the G0/G1 phase as part of 
their terminal differentiation.


PMID: 3881681  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


427. Nature. 1980 Nov 6;288(5786):93-5.

Interferon inhibits transformation by murine sarcoma viruses before integration
of provirus.

Avery RJ, Norton JD, Jones JS, Burke DC, Morris AG.

Neoplastic transformation by C-type retroviruses requires synthesis of a DNA copy
(the provirus) of the RNA genome and its integration into the host cell DNA. We
have previously shown that interferon (IFN) can stably prevent transformation of 
murine fibroblasts by the Kirsten strain of murine sarcoma virus (KiMSV), a
murine leukaemia virus (MLV). A series of cell clones (IFN clones), isolated in
the presence of IFN (10(4) U ml-1) from cultures of NIH-3T3 cells which had been 
treated with IFN, and then infected with KiMSV (KiMLV) in conditions where every 
cell was infected, were shown to be phenotypically untransformed. These
untransformed cells did not produce virus or contain rescuable KiMSV. However,
cells isolated using an identical procedure, but in the absence of IFN, were
uniformly transformed and all produced KiMSV (KiMLV) or contained rescuable
KiMSV. It was concluded that IFN either prevents synthesis or integration of the 
provirus, or else that in the presence of IFN the provirus is integrated such
that it is not expressed. We now show that five representative clones contain no 
detectable KiMSV proviral DNA, and also that the initial stages of infection by
KiMSV (KiMLV) are inhibited by IFN treatment. IFN seems to act before
integration, preventing either the synthesis or the integration of proviral DNA.


PMID: 6159546  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


428. Nature. 1980 Jan 31;283(5746):485-6.

Imidazole inhibits a temperature-dependent component of mammalial skeletal muscle
action potential.

Cheung DW, Daniel EE.

Temperature-dependent transition of conductance in ionic channels has been
described in several membrane systems. We report here an abrupt change in the
maximal rate of rise of the action potentials of the rat extensor digitorum
longus (EDL) at 32 degrees C, indicating alteration in the functional
characteristics of the sodium channels. Tetrodotoxin (TTX) and imidazole were
used to investigate further the change in properties of the sodium channels with 
respect to temperature. TTX is known for its specificity in blocking sodium
channels. It has been proposed that the guanidinium group of the TTX molecule is 
essential for its activity. Other guanidinium compounds have also been shown to
be effective in blocking the sodium channels. In this study, imidazole, a
compound structurally similar to guanidine, was also tested. We find that TTX and
imidazole affect the maximal rate of rise of the action potential in a
temperature-dependent manner.


PMID: 7352030  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


429. Nature. 1979 Dec 13;282(5740):729-31.

Suppression of natural antitumour defence mechanisms by phorbol esters.

Keller R.

Chemical carcinogenesis in certain tissues occurs in at least two stages:
initiation, producing irreversible tissue alterations, and promotion (by agents, 
themselves non-carcinogenic), enhancing the outgrowth of transformed cells. Among
the various tumour-promoting compounds isolated from croton oil,
phorbol-12-myristate-13-acetate (PMA), is the most potent. Cell culture studies
have shown that the phorbol diesters and structurally related substances induce a
variety of dramatic changes in diverse eukaryotic cells. Spreading,
differentiation, metabolism, DNA synthesis, expression of cell surface
glycopeptides, deoxyglucose transport, as well as polyamine, plasminogen
activator and ornithine decarboxylase activity are altered. These findings
indicate that tumour promoters potentiate expression of the transformed phenotype
in cells already malignantly transformed and also induce reversible
manifestations of the transformed phenotype in normal cells. It is not known
whether these agents additionally influence host effector systems involved in
antitumour resistance. The present study is concerned with the effects of PMA on 
spontaneous in vitro cytotoxicity by macrophages and/or natural killer (NK)
cells, and on the resistance to rat fibrosarcoma in vivo considered to depend on 
these normal effectors, in particular on mononuclear phagocytes.


PMID: 514355  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


430. Nature. 1979 Nov 8;282(5735):208-10.

Bombesin suppresses feeding in rats.

Gibbs J, Fauser DJ, Rowe EA, Rolls BJ, Rolls ET, Maddison SP.

Bombesin (BBS) is a tetradecapeptide originally isolated from amphibian skin1.
BBS-like immunoactivity is widely distributed in mammalian gut2-5, and plasma
levels have been shown to rise sharply following feeding (ref. 6 and V. Erspamer,
personal communication). The physiological actions of BBS are unknown. We have
previously shown that the classic gut hormone cholecystokinin (CCK) is a powerful
and specific suppressor of food intake7-9. Although CCK and BBS lack common amino
acid sequences, they have certain common actions on gut viscera10,11. We have now
shown that BBS also suppresses food intake, and we compare its action with that
of CCK.


PMID: 492336  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


431. Nature. 1979 Sep 20;281(5728):227-8.

Is adenosine the mediator of opiate action on neuronal firing rate?

Stone TW, Perkins MN.


PMID: 225673  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


432. Nature. 1979 Aug 16;280(5723):593-5.

DTrp6-Pro9-NEt)-luteinising hormone-releasing factor inhibits follicular
development in hypophysectomised rats.

Ying SY, Guillemin R.


PMID: 223068  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


433. Nature. 1979 Apr 5;278(5704):553-4.

Retinoic acid inhibition of Epstein-Barr virus induction.

Yamamoto N, Bister K, zur Hausen H.


PMID: 219367  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


434. Nature. 1978 Dec 21-28;276(5690):837-9.

Neurotransmitters decrease the calcium ocmponent of sensory neurone action
potentials.

Dunlap K, Fischbach GD.


PMID: 31570  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


435. Nature. 1978 Nov 2;276(5683):88-90.

Inhibition of protein synthesis by 2'-5' linked adenine oligonucleotides in
intact cells.

Williams BR, Kerr IM.


PMID: 740027  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


436. Nature. 1978 Oct 26;275(5682):770-2.

Inhibition of Qbeta RNA 70S ribosome initiation complex formation by an
oligonucleotide complementary to the 3' terminal region of E. coli 16S ribosomal 
RNA.

Taniguchi T, Weissmann C.


PMID: 360077  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


437. Nature. 1978 Mar 23;272(5651):359.

Cytochalasin B inhibits lymphocyte transformation through its effects on glucose 
transport.

Hume DA, Hansen K, Weidemann MJ, Ferber E.


PMID: 634361  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


438. Nature. 1977 Dec 8;270(5637):532-4.

Ovulation in rhesus monkeys suppressed by intranasal administration of
progesterone and norethisterone.

Anand Kumar TC, David GF, Puri V.


PMID: 413055  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


439. Nature. 1977 Sep 29;269(5627):433-4.

Enkephalin effects on release of brain acetylcholine.

Jhamandas K, Sawynok J, Sutak M.


PMID: 909592  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


440. Nature. 1977 Sep 29;269(5627):409-11.

Synergistic interaction of testosterone and oestradiol inhibits spermatogenesis
in rats.

Ewing LL, Desjardins C, Irby DC, Robaire B.


PMID: 909588  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


441. Nature. 1977 Jul 14;268(5616):170-1.

Psoralen and near ultraviolet light; a probe for study of control of protein
synthesis.

Heimer YM, Ben-Hur E, Riklis E.


PMID: 593312  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


442. Nature. 1977 Feb 17;265(5595):625-6.

Suppression by heparin of smooth muscle cell proliferation in injured arteries.

Clowes AW, Karnowsky MJ.


PMID: 859561  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


443. Nature. 1977 Feb 10;265(5594):548-50.

Precocene II inhibits juvenile hormone biosynthesis by cockroach corpora allata
in vitro.

Pratt GE, Bowers WS.


PMID: 834306  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


444. Nature. 1976 Dec 16;264(5587):644-6.

hCG-induced decrease in availability of rat testis receptors.

Sharpe RM.


PMID: 187957  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


445. Nature. 1976 Jul 8;262(5564):144-5.

Inhibition by albumin of tryptophan uptake by rat brain.

Etienne P, Young SM, Sourkes TL.


PMID: 934332  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


446. Nature. 1975 Dec 25;258(5537):739-41.

Hydrocortisone inhibits prostaglandin production by mouse fibrosarcoma cells.

Tashjian AH Jr, Voelkel EF, McDonough J, Levine L.


PMID: 1207759  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


447. Nature. 1975 Dec 18;258(5536):627-8.

Betel nut constituents as inhibitors of gamma-aminobutyric acid uptake.

Johnston GA, Krogsgaard-Larsen P, Stephanson A.


PMID: 1207742  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


448. Nature. 1975 Oct 30;257(5529):804-6.

Differential effects of glucocorticoids on DNA synthesis in normal and
virus-transformed chick embryo cells.

Fodge DW, Rubin H.


PMID: 1186867  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


449. Nature. 1975 Oct 30;257(5529):799-800.

Separation of antiviral activity of human interferon from cell growth inhibitory 
effect.

Dahl H, Degre M.


PMID: 1186865  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


450. Nature. 1975 Oct 9;257(5526):479-80.

Adverse effects of maternal alcohol consumption on pregnancy and foetal growth in
rats.

Tze WJ, Lee M.


PMID: 1178047  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


451. Nature. 1975 Sep 18;257(5523):247-8.

Kinetics of inactivation of histone mRNA in the cytoplasm after inhibition of DNA
replication in synchronised HeLa cells.

Gallwitz D.


PMID: 1161028  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


452. Nature. 1975 Sep 18;257(5523):253-4.

Two distinct mechanisms of synthesis of DNA fragments on colicin E1 plasmid DNA.

Tomizawa J.


PMID: 1099459  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


453. Nature. 1975 Sep 18;257(5523):243-4.

Cytochalasin B increases collagenase production by cells in vitro.

Harris ED Jr, Reynolds JJ, Werb Z.


PMID: 169478  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


454. Nature. 1975 Sep 18;257(5523):238-40.

Effect of morphine on a depolarising dopamine response.

Myers PR, Livengood DR, Shain W.


PMID: 169476  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


455. Nature. 1975 Sep 11;257(5522):144-6.

Spontaneous lymphokine synthesis by human blood mononuclear cells.

Arvilommi H, Räsänen L.


PMID: 1099455  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


456. Nature. 1975 Aug 14;256(5518):592-3.

Oestrogen-responsive human breast cancer in long term tissue culture.

Lippman ME, Bolan G.


PMID: 170527  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


457. Nature. 1975 Jul 3;256(5512):19-22.

Growth inhibition of animal cells by succinylated concanavalin A.

Mannino RJ, Burger MM.


PMID: 1169693  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


458. Nature. 1975 Jun 5;255(5508):497-8.

Effects of oestrogen and bromocryptine on in vivo secretion and mitosis in
prolactin cells.

Lloyd HM, Meares JD, Jacobi J.


PMID: 1138203  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


459. Nature. 1975 May 29;255(5507):407-8.

Platelet 5-HT uptake and release stopped rapidly by formaldehyde.

Costa JL, Murphy DL.


PMID: 1128701  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


460. Nature. 1975 May 29;255(5507):419-20.

Lead-induced inhibition of brain adenyl cyclase.

Nathanson JA, Bloom FE.


PMID: 165434  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


461. Nature. 1975 May 29;255(5507):408-10.

Rhythmic and phytochrome-regulated changes in transmembrane potential in samanea 
pulvini.

Racusen R, Satter RL.


PMID: 165432  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


462. Nature. 1975 May 15;255(5505):233-5.

Depressant action of TRH, LH-RH and somatostatin on activity of central neurones.

Renaud LP, Martin JB, Brazeau P.


PMID: 806808  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


463. Nature. 1975 May 1;255(5503):78-9.

Modification of drug biotransformation by vitamin C in man.

Houston JB, Levy G.


PMID: 1128674  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


464. Nature. 1975 May 1;255(5503):71.

Sensitivity of self-potentiating effect of luteinising hormone-releasing hormone 
to cycloheximide.

Edwardson JA, Gilbert D.


PMID: 1093039  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


465. Nature. 1974 Nov 1;252(5478):52-4.

Activity of CNS depressants related to hydrophobicity.

Barker JL.


PMID: 4372540  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


466. Nature. 1974 Oct 25;251(5477):721-3.

Effects of prostaglandin E2 on human platelet adenyl cyclase and aggregation.

Bruno JJ, Taylor LA, Droller MJ.


PMID: 4427671  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


467. Nature. 1974 Oct 18;251(5476):645-6.

Erythropoietin responsiveness of differentiating Friend leukaemia cells.

Preisler HD, Giladi M.


PMID: 4529200  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


468. Nature. 1974 Oct 11;251(5475):534-6.

Dihydrostreptomycin accumulation in E. coli.

Andry K, Bockrath RC.


PMID: 4138210  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


469. Nature. 1974 Aug 2;250(465):425-6.

Aspirin, indomethacin, catecholamine and prostaglandin interactions on rat
arterioles and rabbit hearts.

Horrobin DF, Manku MS, Karmali R, Nassar BA, Davies PA.


PMID: 4850658  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


470. Nature. 1974 Jun 14;249(458):627-31.

Mechanism of action of the toxic lectins abrin and ricin.

Olsnes S, Refsnes K, Pihl A.


PMID: 4857870  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


471. Nature. 1974 Jun 14;249(458):666-8.

Effect of histamine H-receptor blockade on fasting serum gastrin and fasting
gastric acid secretion in the dog.

Barbezat GO, Daniel M, Bank S, Grant B, Vinik A.


PMID: 4833806  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


472. Nature. 1974 Jun 7;249(457):556-8.

Inhibitor of protein synthesis isolated from ribosomes of unfertilised eggs and
embryos of sea urchins.

Hille MB.


PMID: 4857820  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


473. Nature. 1974 May 31;249(456):469-71.

Effect of beta-N-oxalyl-L-alpha, beta-diaminopropionic acid on glutamate uptake
by synaptosomes.

Lakshmanan J, Padmanaban G.


PMID: 4209717  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


474. Nature. 1974 May 10;249(453):140-2.

Cytochalasin selectively inhibits synthesis of a secretory protein, cellulase, in
Achlya.

Thomas D des S, Lutzac M, Manavathu E.


PMID: 4833510  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


475. Nature. 1974 May 3;249(452):38-41.

Two classes of inhibitors of peptidyl transferase activity in eukaryotes.

Schindler D.


PMID: 4833231  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


476. Nature. 1974 Feb 1;247(5439):275-6.

Recovery of yeast from transient inhibition of DNA synthesis.

Slater ML.


PMID: 4594362  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


477. Nature. 1974 Feb 1;247(5439):277-9.

Do D-glucosamine and D-galactosamine form part of specific receptor sites for
competence substance on cell wall of Pneumococcus?

Kohoutová M, Kocourek J.


PMID: 4150438  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


478. Nature. 1974 Jan 11;247(5436):92-7.

Noradrenaline binding and the search for catecholamine receptors.

Cuatrecasas P, Tell GP, Sica V, Parikh I, Chang KJ.


PMID: 4855581  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


479. Nature. 1973 Dec 21-28;246(5434):489-91.

Inhibition of carcinogen formation in skin irradiated with ultraviolet light.

Lo W, Black HS.


PMID: 4762198  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


480. Nature. 1973 Dec 14;246(5433):425-7.

Morphine-induced suppression of voluntary alcohol drinking in rats.

Sinclair JD, Adkins J, Walker S.


PMID: 4587154  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


481. Nature. 1973 Nov 16;246(5429):156-8.

Histamine H1 and H2-receptors at a ganglionic synapse.

Brimble MJ, Wallis DI.


PMID: 4357166  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


482. Nature. 1973 Oct 26;245(5426):464-5.

Possible involvement of taurine in the genesis of muscular dystrophy.

Baskin SI, Dagirmanjian R.


PMID: 4356151  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


483. Nature. 1973 Oct 12;245(5424):330-2.

Prolactin secretion is specifically inhibited by nickel.

LaBella FS, Dular R, Lemon P, Vivian S, Queen G.


PMID: 4357307  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


484. Nature. 1973 Sep 21;245(5421):146-7.

Letter: Inhibitory effect of potent interferon preparations on the regeneration
of mouse liver after partial hepatectomy.

Frayssinet C, Gresser I, Tovey M, Lindahl P.


PMID: 4582663  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


485. Nature. 1973 Jun 22;243(5408):465-7.

Letter: Catecholamines in the median eminence: new evidence for a major
noradrenergic input.

Cuello AC, Horn AS, Mackay AV, Iversen LL.


PMID: 4743641  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


486. Nature. 1973 Jun 22;243(5408):470-1.

Letter: Suppression of the cyclic surge of luteinizing hormone secretion and of
ovulation in the rat by delta 1-tetrahydrocannabinol.

Nir I, Ayalon D, Tsafriri A, Cordova T, Lindner HR.


PMID: 4582754  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


487. Nature. 1972 Dec 29;240(5383):560-1.

The suppression of non-specific esterase activity in mouse skin sebaceous gland
by "CS" gas.

Barry DH, Chasseaud LF, Hunter B, Robinson WE.


PMID: 4568403  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


488. Nature. 1972 Nov 3;240(5375):37-8.

Delay of parturition in the rat by anti-inflammatory agents which inhibit the
biosynthesis of prostaglandins.

Chester R, Dukes M, Slater SR, Walpole AL.


PMID: 4570636  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


489. Nature. 1971 Jun 18;231(5303):447-8.

Inhibition of carcinogenesis by dietary zinc.

Poswillo DE, Cohen B.


PMID: 4931600  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


490. Nature. 1971 Jun 11;231(5302):395-7.

Effects of actinomycin D on memory and brain RNA synthesis in an appetitive
learning task.

Daniels D.


PMID: 4931010  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


491. Nature. 1971 Jun 4;231(5301):331-2.

Antitranspirant activity of the methyl and phenyl esters of abscisic acid.

Jones RJ, Mansfield TA.


PMID: 4930991  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


492. Nature. 1971 May 21;231(5299):195-6.

Suppression of fighting behaviour in rabbits by paired emergence from
anaesthesia.

Cherkin A, Meinecke RO.


PMID: 4930682  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


493. Nature. 1971 May 14;231(5298):115-6.

Antitrachoma activity of rifamycin B and 8-O-acetylrifamycin S.

Becker Y.


PMID: 4930088  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


494. Nature. 1971 May 7;231(5297):58.

Retrieval of information after use of marihuana.

Abel EL.


PMID: 4930478  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


495. Nature. 1971 Apr 23;230(5295):532-3.

Effect of N,N-dimethyltryptamine and D-lysergic acid diethylamide on the release 
of 5-hydroxyindoles in rat forebrain.

Randić M, Padjen A.


PMID: 4927758  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


496. Nature. 1971 Apr 9;230(5293):381-2.

Adrenal tyrosine hydroxylase and dopamine beta-hydroxylase in spontaneously
hypertensive rats.

Nagatsu I, Nagatsu T, Mizutani K, Umezawa H, Matsuzaki M, Takeuchi T.


PMID: 4927727  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


497. Nature. 1971 Feb 26;229(5287):634.

Lentinan, a new immuno-accelerator of cell-mediated responses.

Maeda YY, Chihara G.


PMID: 4925468  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


498. Nature. 1971 Feb 12;229(5285):496-7.

Abolition of the response of brain stem neurones to iontophoretically applied
d-amphetamine by reserpine.

Boakes RJ, Bradley PB, Candy JM.


PMID: 4925212  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


499. Nature. 1971 Jan 29;229(5283):341-2.

Variation of DNA synthesis with age in chick embryo skin.

Rothberg S, Ekel TM.


PMID: 4250999  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


500. Nature. 1971 Jan 22;229(5282):273-4.

R factor with a mutation in the tetracycline resistance marker.

Franklin TJ, Cook JM.


PMID: 4927204  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


501. Nature. 1971 Jan 22;229(5282):264-6.

Correlation between psychotropic potency of psychotomimetic methoxyamphetamines
and their inhibition of 3H-normetanephrine uptake in rat cerebral cortex.

Hendley ED, Snyder SH.


PMID: 4927200  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


502. Nature. 1971 Jan 15;229(5281):203-4.

Effects of serotonin on spontaneous ovulation in rats.

Labhsetwar AP.


PMID: 4923270  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


503. Nature. 1971 Jan 15;229(5281):198-9.

Measurement of antitumour activity of actinomycin D.

Curtis K, Perkins FT.


PMID: 4923266  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


504. Nature. 1970 Dec 19;228(5277):1190-1.

Rifampin inhibition of H-1 virus infection in hamsters.

Engle CG, Lasinski E, Gelzer J.


PMID: 5487245  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


505. Nature. 1970 Nov 7;228(5271):562-4.

Unexpected features of the action of dinitrophenol on cortical neurones.

Godfraind JM, Krnjević K, Pumain R.


PMID: 5472478  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


506. Nature. 1970 Oct 31;228(5270):469-71.

Long-term isolation in rats reduces morphine response.

Katz DM, Steinberg H.


PMID: 5482503  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


507. Nature. 1970 Oct 17;228(5268):245-7.

Mechanism of inhibitory action of histones on DNA template activity in vitro.

Koslov YV, Georgiev GP.


PMID: 4920922  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


508. Nature. 1970 Oct 10;228(5267):176-7.

Effects of morphine and its antagonists on release of cerebral cortical
acetylcholine.

Jhamandas K, Pinsky C, Phillis JW.


PMID: 5460021  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


509. Nature. 1970 Oct 10;228(5267):125-9.

Synthesis of 5S ribosomal RNA in Escherichia coli after rifampicin treatment.

Doolittle WF, Pace NR.


PMID: 4918254  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


510. Nature. 1970 Oct 3;228(5266):56.

Specific inhibition of influenza replication by alpha-amanitin.

Rott R, Scholtissek C.


PMID: 5456211  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


511. Nature. 1970 Sep 26;227(5265):1363-5.

Effects of anaesthetics on luminous bacteria.

Halsey MJ, Smith EB.


PMID: 5455148  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


512. Nature. 1970 Sep 19;227(5264):1255-7.

Renal prostaglandins: possible regulators of the renal actions of pressor
hormones.

McGiff JC, Crowshaw K, Terragno NA, Lonigro AJ.


PMID: 4318129  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


513. Nature. 1970 Sep 19;227(5264):1244-6.

Differential toxicity on normal and transformed cells in vitro and inhibition of 
tumour development in vivo by concanavalin A.

Shoham J, Inbar M, Sachs L.


PMID: 4318127  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


514. Nature. 1970 Sep 12;227(5263):1147-8.

Effects of L-asparaginase on lymphocyte-target cell reactions in vitro.

Berenbaum MC, Ginsburg H, Gilbert DM.


PMID: 4915992  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


515. Nature. 1970 Sep 5;227(5262):1055-6.

Effect of fatty acids on contractility and rhythm of the heart.

Opie LH.


PMID: 5449772  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


516. Nature. 1970 Aug 29;227(5261):967-8.

Decline of tissue noradrenaline under the influence of a mitotic inhibitor.

Keen P, Livingston A.


PMID: 4194572  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


517. Nature. 1970 Aug 22;227(5260):845-6.

Inhibition of bone marrow colony formation by normal and leukaemic human serum.

Chan SH, Metcalf D.


PMID: 5270449  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


518. Nature. 1970 Aug 15;227(5259):727-8.

Postsynaptic action of cobra toxin at the myoneural junction.

Lester HA.


PMID: 4317321  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


519. Nature. 1970 Aug 1;227(5257):504-5.

Antiviral activity of double stranded RNA and virus-like particles from
Penicillium stoloniferum.

Planterose DN, Birch PJ, Pilch DJ, Sharpe TJ.


PMID: 5428471  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


520. Nature. 1970 Aug 1;227(5257):513-5.

Effect of collagen and acid polysaccharides on the growth of BHK-21 cells in
semi-solid media.

Sanders FK, Smith JD.


PMID: 4316960  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


521. Nature. 1970 Jul 18;227(5255):302-4.

Xanthoxin, a new naturally occurring plant growth inhibitor.

Taylor HF, Burden RS.


PMID: 5428206  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


522. Nature. 1970 Jul 18;227(5255):292-3.

Abrin and ricin: new anti-tumour substances.

Lin JY, Tserng KY, Chen CC, Lin LT, Tung TC.


PMID: 5428202  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


523. Nature. 1970 Jul 11;227(5254):175-6.

Tolerance induction by an apparently non-immunogenic molecule.

Roelants GE, Goodman JW.


PMID: 4987872  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


524. Nature. 1970 Jul 11;227(5254):173-4.

Powerful new inhibitor of murine leukaemia and sarcoma viruses.

Chermann JC, Raynaud M, Jasmin C, Mathé G.


PMID: 4316954  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


525. Nature. 1970 Jun 27;226(5252):1258-9.

Inhibition of in vitro immune response by treatment of spleen cell suspensions
with anti-theta serum.

Schimpl A, Wecker E.


PMID: 4912323  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


526. Nature. 1970 Apr 18;226(5242):261-2.

Inhibition of cell aggregation by antibodies directed against actomyosin.

Jones BM, Kemp RB, Gröschel-Stewart U.


PMID: 5461809  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


527. Nature. 1970 Apr 11;226(5241):182.

Failure to detect effects of cycloheximide on energy metabolism in Euglena
gracilis.

Kirk JT.


PMID: 5437008  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


528. Nature. 1970 Apr 4;226(5240):85-6.

Reversible effect of an inhalational anaesthetic on lymphocyte motility.

Nunn JF, Sharp JA, Kimball KL.


PMID: 5434371  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


529. Nature. 1970 Mar 28;225(5239):1262-3.

Effects of hallucinogenic and other drugs on the nest-building behaviour of mice.

Schneider CW, Chenoweth MB.


PMID: 5435362  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


530. Nature. 1970 Mar 21;225(5238):1152-3.

Possible mechanism of action of morphine on brain.

Eidelberg E, Schwartz AS.


PMID: 5309234  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


531. Nature. 1970 Mar 21;225(5238):1144-6.

Effects on smooth muscle preparations of unidentified vasoactiv peptides from
intestine and lung.

Piper PJ, Said SI, Vane JR.


PMID: 4392130  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


532. Nature. 1970 Mar 21;225(5238):1142-4.

Some properties of angiotensin converting enzyme in the lung in vivo.

Ng KK, Vane JR.


PMID: 4313869  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


533. Nature. 1969 Apr 19;222(5190):287-8.

Effects of prostaglandins on fertility in female rats.

Nutting EF, Cammarata PS.


PMID: 5778403  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


534. Nature. 1969 Apr 19;222(5190):285-6.

Specific inhibition of cartilage breakdown.

Weston PD, Barrett AJ, Dingle JT.


PMID: 5778401  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


535. Nature. 1969 Apr 19;222(5190):244-7.

Macrophage and neutrophil specific chemotactic factors in serum.

Wilkinson PC, Borel JF, Stecher-Levin VJ, Sorkin E.


PMID: 5778389  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


536. Nature. 1969 Apr 19;222(5190):275-6.

Dioxoisoquinoline-4-carboxanilides--a new class of non-steroidal
anti-inflammatory agents.

Kadin SB, Wiseman EH.


PMID: 4976043  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


537. Nature. 1969 Apr 19;222(5190):273-4.

Selective inhibition of vaccinia virus by the antibiotic rifampicin.

Heller E, Argaman M, Levy H, Goldblum N.


PMID: 4305117  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


538. Nature. 1969 Apr 12;222(5189):193-5.

Chromosomal abnormalities resulting from ethidium bromide treatment.

Vacquier VD, Brachet J.


PMID: 5813371  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


539. Nature. 1969 Apr 12;222(5189):181.

Lethal effect of feeding rats on galactose-ethanol.

Tygstrup N, Keiding S.


PMID: 5777044  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


540. Nature. 1969 Apr 12;222(5189):142-6.

Proteins of mitochondrial and cytoplasmic ribosomes from Neurospora crassa.

Küntzel H.


PMID: 5777034  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


541. Nature. 1969 Apr 5;222(5188):36-8.

Antiviral effect of daunomycin.

Cohen A, Harley EH, Rees KR.


PMID: 4304749  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


542. Nature. 1969 Mar 1;221(5183):823-5.

Orientation and control of transcription in E. coli phage lambda.

Kumar S, Bovre K, Guha A, Hradecna Z, Maher VR, Szybalski W.


PMID: 5765054  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


543. Nature. 1969 Mar 1;221(5183):874-5.

Inhibition of gastric acid secretion in vitro by prostaglandin E1.

Way L, Durbin RP.


PMID: 4303810  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


544. Nature. 1969 Feb 15;221(5181):674-5.

Respiratory activity of mitochondria from legume root nodules.

Muecke PS, Wiskich JT.


PMID: 5813199  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


545. Nature. 1969 Feb 15;221(5181):672-3.

Effect of abscisic acid on activity of chromatin.

Pearson JA, Wareing PF.


PMID: 5774946  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


546. Nature. 1969 Feb 15;221(5181):669-70.

Responses of rat testes and accessory glands to testosterone, pilocarpine and
copulation.

Hunt WL.


PMID: 5774944  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


547. Nature. 1969 Jan 11;221(5176):188-90.

Interference of various antibiotics and other compounds with protein synthesis in
muscle and their influence on metabolic regulation.

Manchester KL.


PMID: 5782717  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


548. Nature. 1969 Jan 4;221(5175):76-8.

Effect of phytohaemagglutinin on plaque forming cells in the mouse spleen.

Petrányi G Jr, Jánossy G, Alföldy P.


PMID: 5762062  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


549. Nature. 1968 Dec 28;220(5174):1330-1.

Relationship between the action of monoamine oxidase inhibitors on the
noradrenaline uptake system and their antidepressant efficacy.

Hendley ED, Snyder SH.


PMID: 5701350  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


550. Nature. 1968 Dec 14;220(5172):1132-3.

Suppression of growth of mouse melanoma by cortisone.

Adachi K, Kondo S, Hu F.


PMID: 5723610  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


551. Nature. 1968 Dec 7;220(5171):961.

Action of hallucinogenic drugs.

[No authors listed]


PMID: 5701850  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


552. Nature. 1968 Dec 7;220(5171):1040-2.

Mode of action of morphine-like drugs on autonomic neuro-effectors.

Cowie AL, Kosterlitz HW, Watt AJ.


PMID: 4302754  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


553. Nature. 1968 Nov 23;220(5169):822.

Differential inhibition by phagicin of DNA synthesis in cells infected with
vaccinia.

Meek ES, Takahashi M.


PMID: 4880706  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


554. Nature. 1968 Nov 16;220(5168):707-8.

Physiologically active substance in Capsella bursa-pastoris.

Kuroda K, Takagi K.


PMID: 5688144  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


555. Nature. 1968 Nov 9;220(5167):604-5.

Ethylene produced by plant cells in suspension cultures.

Gamborg OL, LaRue TA.


PMID: 5693769  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


556. Nature. 1968 Nov 9;220(5167):611.

Immune paralysis of thymus cells by bovine serum albumin.

Taylor RB.


PMID: 4301109  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


557. Nature. 1968 Nov 2;220(5166):488-9.

Effects of acridines on morphogenesis.

Brachet J.


PMID: 5693673  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


558. Nature. 1968 Oct 26;220(5165):393-4.

Drosophila: lethal derangements of metamorphosis and modifications of gene
expression caused by juvenile hormone mimics.

Bryant PJ, Sang JH.


PMID: 5684886  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


559. Nature. 1968 Oct 26;220(5165):382-3.

Mechanisms of sustained increases of firing rate of neurons in the rat cerebral
cortex after polarization: reverberating circuits or modification of synaptic
conductance?

Gartside IB.


PMID: 5684882  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


560. Nature. 1968 Oct 26;220(5165):383-4.

Mechanisms of sustained increases of firing rate of neurones in the rat cerebral 
cortex after polarization: role of protein synthesis.

Gartside IB.


PMID: 4300961  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


561. Nature. 1968 Oct 19;220(5164):282-3.

Effect of neomycin on an inhibitor of spontaneous tumors in mice.

Strong LC.


PMID: 5684861  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


562. Nature. 1968 Oct 12;220(5163):138-9.

Melanoma regression induced by "chalone": a new tumour inhibiting principle
acting in vivo.

Mohr U, Althoff J, Kinzel V, Süss R, Volm M.


PMID: 5684822  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


563. Nature. 1968 Oct 12;220(5163):134-5.

Epidermal chalone and mitotic control in the Vx2 epidermal tumour.

Bullough WS, Laurence EB.


PMID: 5245924  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


564. Nature. 1968 Oct 12;220(5163):131-4.

Effect of antiserum to E. coli DNA polymerase on synthesis of phi-X174 DNA in
extracts of phi-X-infected cells.

Denhardt DT.


PMID: 4879322  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


565. Nature. 1968 Oct 12;220(5163):161-2.

Suppression of the daily rhythm in tyrosine transaminase activity by acute
elevation of norepinephrine.

Axelrod J, Black IB.


PMID: 4386721  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


566. Nature. 1968 Oct 5;220(5162):79-80.

Effect of adrenergic blocking agents on the calcium pump of the fragmented
cardiac sarcoplasmic reticulum.

Hess ML, Briggs FN, Shinebourne E, Hamer J.


PMID: 5677451  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


567. Nature. 1968 Sep 28;219(5161):1380-1.

Effects of gamma-aminobutyric acid and glycine on cortical neurons.

Kelly JS, Krnjević K.


PMID: 5678021  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


568. Nature. 1968 Sep 28;219(5161):1365-6.

In vitro reversal of antibiotic resistance by ethylenediamine tetraacetic acid.

Weiser R, Asscher AW, Wimpenny J.


PMID: 4971170  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


569. Nature. 1968 Sep 7;219(5158):1053.

Proposed mode of action of histamine.

Goodman HM.


PMID: 4299801  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


570. Nature. 1968 Aug 31;219(5157):944-6.

In vitro inhibition of peptide synthesis and GTP hydrolysis by cycloheximide and 
reversal of inhibition by glutathione.

Munro HN, Baliga BS, Pronczuk AW.


PMID: 5677072  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


571. Nature. 1968 Aug 31;219(5157):978-9.

Effects of testosterone analogues on interferon formation, induction of antiviral
protein and synthesis of cell protein in tissue culture.

Zeitlenok NA, Roihel VM, Gorbachkova EA.


PMID: 5673025  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


572. Nature. 1968 Aug 31;219(5157):933-4.

Competitive effects of phleomycin and mercuric chloride in vivo.

Pietsch P, Corbett C.


PMID: 4876845  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


573. Nature. 1968 Aug 24;219(5156):858-60.

Effect of coumarin and other compounds on ribosomal protein synthesis in the rat 
liver.

Nievel JG, Golberg L.


PMID: 5673349  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


574. Nature. 1968 Jul 27;219(5152):346-51.

Mechanism of replication of phi-X-174 single stranded DNA.

Dressler DH, Denhardt DT.


PMID: 5662147  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


575. Nature. 1968 Jul 13;219(5150):198-200.

Inhibition by ouabain of human lymphocyte transformation induced by
phytohaemagglutinin in vitro.

Quastel MR, Kaplan JG.


PMID: 5659654  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


576. Nature. 1968 Jul 6;219(5149):89-91.

Nicotine, smoking and cortical inhibition.

Phillis JW, York DH.


PMID: 5659634  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


577. Nature. 1968 Jul 6;219(5149):75.

Effect of epidermal chalone on human epidermal mitotic activity in vitro.

Iversen OH.


PMID: 5659624  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


578. Nature. 1968 Jul 6;219(5149):70-1.

Ionic mechanism of the action potentials of giant neurones of Helix aspersa.

Moreton RB.


PMID: 5659620  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


579. Nature. 1968 Jun 8;218(5145):983-4.

The effect of anti-lymphocyte serum on the response of human and mouse
lymphocytes to PHA.

Mosedale B, Felstead KJ, Parke JA.


PMID: 5681250  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


580. Nature. 1968 Jun 8;218(5145):982-3.

Inhibition of phage development in Bacillus cereus strain T by pre-spore extracts
of bacilli.

Kaufmann AJ, Kaufmann J, Srinivasan VR.


PMID: 4971446  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


581. Nature. 1968 Apr 20;218(5138):290-1.

Role of protein in removal of copper from the liver.

Gregoriadis G, Sourkes TL.


PMID: 5648232  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


582. Nature. 1968 Feb 17;217(5129):659-61.

Inhibition by lasiocarpine of RNA synthesis, RNA polymerase and induction of
tryptophan pyrrolase activity.

Reddy J, Harris C, Svoboda D.


PMID: 5637742  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


583. Nature. 1968 Jan 6;217(5123):83-4.

Antagonism of presynaptic inhibition in the cuneate nucleus by picrotoxin.

Banna NR, Jabbur SJ.


PMID: 5635641  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


584. Nature. 1967 Nov 11;216(5115):579-80.

Reversal of reserpine-induced hypothermia by pharmacological agents other than
antidepressants.

Whittle BA.


PMID: 5583498  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


585. Nature. 1967 Apr 8;214(5084):210-1.

Subcortical storage of classical conditioning.

Ross RB, Russell IS.


PMID: 6034233  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


586. Nature. 1966 Nov 26;212(5065):925-6.

Influence of polyphosphates on retention of radioactive strontium in rat and
mouse.

Bates TH, Smith H.


PMID: 6004574  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]

