
1. Sci Total Environ. 2017 Feb 1;578:148-157. doi: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.10.231. 
Epub 2016 Nov 11.

Haze, public health and mitigation measures in China: A review of the current
evidence for further policy response.

Gao J(1), Woodward A(2), Vardoulakis S(3), Kovats S(4), Wilkinson P(5), Li L(6), 
Xu L(7), Li J(8), Yang J(9), Li J(10), Cao L(11), Liu X(12), Wu H(13), Liu Q(14).

Author information: 
(1)State Key Laboratory of Infectious Disease Prevention and Control,
Collaborative Innovation Center for Diagnosis and Treatment of Infectious
Diseases, National Institute for Communicable Disease Control and Prevention,
Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Beijing, China. Electronic
address: gaojinghong2007@126.com. (2)School of Population Health, University of
Auckland, Private Bag, 92019, Auckland, New Zealand. Electronic address:
a.woodward@auckland.ac.nz. (3)Environmental Change Department, Centre for
Radiation, Chemical and Environmental Hazards, Public Health England, London, UK.
Electronic address: sotiris.vardoulakis@phe.gov.uk. (4)NIHR Health Protection
Research Unit in Environmental Change and Health, London School of Hygiene and
Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), 15-17 Tavistock Place, WC1H 9SH London, UK. Electronic
address: sari.kovats@lshtm.ac.uk. (5)Public and Environmental Health Research
Unit, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, 15-17 Tavistock Place, WC1H
9SH London, UK. Electronic address: paul.wilkinson@lshtm.ac.uk. (6)Injury
Prevention Research Center, Shantou University Medical College, No. 22 Xinling
Road, Shantou, Guangdong, China. Electronic address: lpli@stu.edu.cn. (7)State
Key Laboratory of Infectious Disease Prevention and Control, Collaborative
Innovation Center for Diagnosis and Treatment of Infectious Diseases, National
Institute for Communicable Disease Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for
Disease Control and Prevention, Beijing, China. Electronic address:
xulei@icdc.cn. (8)State Key Laboratory of Infectious Disease Prevention and
Control, Collaborative Innovation Center for Diagnosis and Treatment of
Infectious Diseases, National Institute for Communicable Disease Control and
Prevention, Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Beijing, China;
Department of Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Shandong University, Jinan, 
Shandong Province, China. Electronic address: lijingsddx@126.com. (9)State Key
Laboratory of Infectious Disease Prevention and Control, Collaborative Innovation
Center for Diagnosis and Treatment of Infectious Diseases, National Institute for
Communicable Disease Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for Disease Control
and Prevention, Beijing, China. Electronic address: smart_yjun@163.com. (10)State
Key Laboratory of Infectious Disease Prevention and Control, Collaborative
Innovation Center for Diagnosis and Treatment of Infectious Diseases, National
Institute for Communicable Disease Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for
Disease Control and Prevention, Beijing, China. Electronic address:
lijing986169323@sina.cn. (11)State Key Laboratory of Infectious Disease
Prevention and Control, Collaborative Innovation Center for Diagnosis and
Treatment of Infectious Diseases, National Institute for Communicable Disease
Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention,
Beijing, China; Department of Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Shandong
University, Jinan, Shandong Province, China. Electronic address:
caolina@mail.sdu.edu.cn. (12)State Key Laboratory of Infectious Disease
Prevention and Control, Collaborative Innovation Center for Diagnosis and
Treatment of Infectious Diseases, National Institute for Communicable Disease
Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention,
Beijing, China. Electronic address: liuxiaobo@icdc.cn. (13)State Key Laboratory
of Infectious Disease Prevention and Control, Collaborative Innovation Center for
Diagnosis and Treatment of Infectious Diseases, National Institute for
Communicable Disease Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for Disease Control
and Prevention, Beijing, China. Electronic address: wuhaixia@icdc.cn. (14)State
Key Laboratory of Infectious Disease Prevention and Control, Collaborative
Innovation Center for Diagnosis and Treatment of Infectious Diseases, National
Institute for Communicable Disease Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for
Disease Control and Prevention, Beijing, China. Electronic address:
liuqiyong@icdc.cn.

With rapid economic development, China has been plagued by choking air pollution 
in recent years, and the frequent occurrence of haze episodes has caused
widespread public concern. The purpose of this study is to describe the sources
and formation of haze, summarize the mitigation measures in force, review the
relationship between haze pollution and public health, and to discuss the
challenges, potential research directions and policy options. Haze pollution has 
both natural and man-made causes, though it is anthropogenic sources that are the
major contributors. Accumulation of air pollutants, secondary formation of
aerosols, stagnant meteorological conditions, and trans-boundary transportation
of pollutants are the principal causes driving the formation and evolution of
haze. In China, haze includes gaseous pollutants and fine particles, of which
PM2.5 is the dominant component. Short and long-term exposure to haze pollution
are associated with a range of negative health outcomes, including respiratory
diseases, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, mental health problems,
lung cancer and premature death. China has paid increasing attention to the
improvement of air quality, and has introduced action plans and policies to
tackle pollution, but many interventions have only temporary effects. There may
be fierce resistance from industry groups and some government agencies, and often
it is challenging to enforce relevant control measures and laws. We discuss the
potential policy options for prevention, the need for wider public dialogue and
the implications for scientific research.

Copyright © 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.10.231 
PMID: 27842962  [PubMed - in process]


2. Sci Total Environ. 2017 Jan 1;574:1502-1511. doi:
10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.08.152. Epub 2016 Aug 26.

Vertical distribution of ambient aerosol extinctive properties during haze and
haze-free periods based on the Micro-Pulse Lidar observation in Shanghai.

Liu Q(1), He Q(2), Fang S(3), Guang Y(4), Ma C(4), Chen Y(5), Kang Y(4), Pan
H(4), Zhang H(6), Yao Y(4).

Author information: 
(1)Environmental Science and Engineering College, Donghua University, Shanghai,
China; Shanghai Key Laboratory of Atmospheric Particle Pollution and Prevention
(LAP3), Department of Environmental Science and Engineering, Fudan University,
Shanghai, China. (2)Environmental Science and Engineering College, Donghua
University, Shanghai, China; Shanghai Meteorological Bureau, Shanghai, China.
Electronic address: oxeye75@163.com. (3)Baruch College, City University of New
York, New York, USA. (4)Environmental Science and Engineering College, Donghua
University, Shanghai, China. (5)Environmental Science and Engineering College,
Donghua University, Shanghai, China. Electronic address: yonghangchen@dhu.edu.cn.
(6)National Climate Center of China Meteorological Administration, Beijing,
China.

Ambient aerosols make a significant contribution to the environment and climate
through their optical properties. In this study, the aerosol extinction
coefficient and Aerosol optical depth (AOD) retrieved using the Fernald Method
from the ground-based Micro-Pulse Lidar (MPL) were used to investigate the
characteristics of aerosols during haze and haze-free periods in Shanghai. There 
were 216 haze days including 145 dry haze days, 39 damp haze days and 32days of
both dry and damp haze in Shanghai from March 2009 to February 2010. During the
haze periods, aerosols were concentrated mainly below 600m resulting in the most 
severe pollution layer in Shanghai. In contrast to the aerosol optical properties
during haze-free periods, aerosol extinction coefficients and AOD were larger in 
the lower altitude (below 1km) during haze periods. The lowest 1km contributed
53-72% of the Aerosol optical depth (AOD) below 6km for the haze periods and <41%
of that for the haze-free periods except summer. According to the analysis of
influencing factors, although atmospheric convection was strong in summer which
led to reduce the extinction, the highest occurrence of haze with relatively low 
aerosol extinction most of time was in summer, which resulted from the factors
such as higher relative humidity, temperature and more solar radiation causing
hygroscopic growth of particles and formation of secondary aerosols; in spring
and autumn, there was less haze occurrences because the boundary layer was
relatively higher, which allowed pollutants to diffuse more easily, but spring
was the second most frequency season of haze due to frequent dust transport from 
the north; in winter high concentrations of particles and low boundary layer
height were not beneficial to the diffusion of pollutants near the surface and
caused haze occurrence rather high with high aerosol extinction.

Copyright © 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.08.152 
PMID: 27575426  [PubMed - in process]


3. Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2017 Jan;24(1):135-145. doi:
10.1007/s11356-016-7303-z. Epub 2016 Jul 30.

Variations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in ambient air during haze and
non-haze episodes in warm seasons in Hangzhou, China.

Lu H(1), Wang S(2), Wu Z(2), Yao S(2), Han J(2), Tang X(2), Jiang B(2).

Author information: 
(1)School of Environmental Science and Engineering, Zhejiang Gongshang
University, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, 310018, China. luhaozju@163.com. (2)School of
Environmental Science and Engineering, Zhejiang Gongshang University, Hangzhou,
Zhejiang, 310018, China.

To investigate the characteristics of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs)
during haze episodes in warm seasons, daily PM2.5 and gaseous samples were
collected from March to September 2015 in Hangzhou, China. Daily samples were
further divided into four groups by the definition of haze according to
visibility and relative humidity (RH), including non-haze (visibility, >10 km),
light haze (visibility, 8-10 km, RH <90 %), medium haze (visibility, 5-8 km, RH
<90 %), and heavy haze (visibility, <5 km, RH <90 %). Significantly higher
concentrations of PM2.5-bound PAHs were found in haze days, but the mean
PM2.5-bound PAH concentrations obviously decreased with the aggravation of haze
pollution from light to heavy. The gas/particle partitioning coefficients of PAHs
decreased from light-haze to heavy-haze episodes, which indicated that
PM2.5-bound PAHs were restricted to adhere to the particulate phase with the
aggravation of haze pollution. Absorption was considered the main mechanism of
gas/particle partitioning of PAHs from gaseous to particulate phase. Analysis of 
air mass transport indicated that the PM2.5-bound PAH pollution in haze days was 
largely from regional sources but also significantly affected by long-range air
mass transport. The inhalation cancer risk associated with PAHs exceeded the
acceptable risk level markedly in both haze and non-haze days.

DOI: 10.1007/s11356-016-7303-z 
PMID: 27475434  [PubMed - in process]


4. Sci Total Environ. 2016 Oct 1;566-567:230-7. doi:
10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.05.057. Epub 2016 May 21.

Identification of chemical compositions and sources of atmospheric aerosols in
Xi'an, inland China during two types of haze events.

Li J(1), Wang G(2), Ren Y(3), Wang J(3), Wu C(3), Han Y(3), Zhang L(3), Cheng
C(3), Meng J(3).

Author information: 
(1)Key Laboratory of Aerosol Chemistry and Physics, Institute of Earth
Environment, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Xi'an 710061, China; State Key
Laboratory of Loess and Quaternary Geology, Institute of Earth Environment,
Chinese Academy of Sciences, Xi'an 710061, China. (2)Key Laboratory of Aerosol
Chemistry and Physics, Institute of Earth Environment, Chinese Academy of
Sciences, Xi'an 710061, China; State Key Laboratory of Loess and Quaternary
Geology, Institute of Earth Environment, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Xi'an
710061, China; School of Human Settlements and Civil Engineering, Xi'an Jiaotong 
University, Xi'an 710079, China; Center for Excellence in Urban Atmospheric
Environment, Institute of Urban Environment, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Xiamen 
361021, China. Electronic address: wanggh@ieecas.cn. (3)Key Laboratory of Aerosol
Chemistry and Physics, Institute of Earth Environment, Chinese Academy of
Sciences, Xi'an 710061, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing
100049, China.

High time resolution (1h) of TSP filter samples was collected in Xi'an in inland 
China from December 5 to 13, 2012, during which a 9-day long of haze episode
occurred. The hazy days were classified as two types, i.e., Light-haze period
with moderate degradation in visibility (5-10km) and relatively dry conditions
(RH: 53±19%) and Severe-haze period with a daily visibility less than 5km and
humid conditions (RH: 73±14%). TSP in the two periods (415±205 and 530±180μgm(-3)
in Light-haze and Severe-haze periods, respectively) was comparable, but crustal 
Fe and Ca elements presented higher concentrations and strong correlation
(R(2)=0.72) with TSP in Light-haze period. SO4(2-), NO3(-) and NH4(+) in
Light-haze period were 16±5.9, 12±6.7 and 4.1±2.8μgm(-3), respectively, and
increased dramatically to 51±15, 44±9.7 and 23±5.6μgm(-3) in Severe-haze period. 
Contributions of Fe and Ca to TSP decreased from 9.2% in Light-haze period to
5.3% in Severe-haze period, but those of SO4(2-), NO3(-) and NH4(+) increased
from 3.8%, 2.9% and 1.0% in Light-haze period to 9.6%, 8.3% and 4.4% in
Severe-haze period, respectively. These results suggest that dust-derived
particles were more significant in Light-haze period while secondary aerosols
were more important in Severe-haze period. Hopanes (33±24 and 38±29ngm(-3) in
Light-haze and Severe-haze periods, respectively) during the two types of haze
periods are comparable, indicating that differences in contribution of primary
organic aerosols from fossil fuel combustions to TSP were insignificant. In
contrast, the ratio of secondary organic aerosols (e.g., o-phthalic acid) to EC
was much higher in Severe-haze period (5.8±2.7ngμg(-1)) than in Light-haze period
(3.4±2.1ngμg(-1)), probably indicating that the humid conditions in Severe-haze
period are favorable for secondary organic aerosol formation.

Copyright © 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.05.057 
PMID: 27220100  [PubMed - in process]


5. J Agric Food Chem. 2016 Sep 7;64(35):6752-61. doi: 10.1021/acs.jafc.6b02467. Epub
2016 Aug 25.

Proteome-Based Analysis of Colloidal Instability Enables the Detection of
Haze-Active Proteins in Beer.

Schulte F(1), Flaschel E(1), Niehaus K(1).

Author information: 
(1)Fakultät für Biologie, Proteom- und Metabolomforschung and ‡Technische
Fakultät, Fermentationstechnik, Universität Bielefeld , 33615 Bielefeld, Germany.

Colloidal haze is a serious quality defect of bright beers that considerably
reduces their shelf life and is thought to be triggered by hordeins, a class of
proline-rich barley proteins. In this work, the proteomes of fresh and old beers 
were investigated in bottled pilsners and compared to the protein inventory of
haze to identify specific haze-active proteins. Haze isolates dissolved in
rehydration buffer contained high concentrations of proteins and sugars but
provided protein gels with weak spot signals. Consequently, a treatment for the
chemical deglycation with trifluoromethanesulfonic acid was applied, which
resulted in the identification of protein Z4, LTP1, CMb, CMe, pUP13, 3a, and
Bwiph as constituents of the haze proteome. Because only one hordein was
detectable and the proline content in haze hydrolysates was lower than those of
barley prolamins, our results suggest that this class of proteins is of minor
importance for haze development.

DOI: 10.1021/acs.jafc.6b02467 
PMID: 27515584  [PubMed - in process]


6. J Environ Sci (China). 2016 Aug;46:134-46. doi: 10.1016/j.jes.2015.12.033. Epub
2016 Apr 8.

Spatial and temporal variation of haze in China from 1961 to 2012.

Han R(1), Wang S(2), Shen W(3), Wang J(4), Wu K(5), Ren Z(3), Feng M(3).

Author information: 
(1)National Meteorological Information Center, China Meteorological
Administration, Beijing100081, China; State Key Joint Laboratory of Environment
Simulation and Pollution Control, School of Environment, Tsinghua University,
Beijing 100084, China. Electronic address: gdla2008@sina.com. (2)State Key Joint 
Laboratory of Environment Simulation and Pollution Control, School of
Environment, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China; State Environmental
Protection Key Laboratory of Sources and Control of Air Pollution Complex,
Beijing 100084, China. Electronic address: shxwang@tsinghua.edu.cn. (3)National
Meteorological Information Center, China Meteorological Administration,
Beijing100081, China. (4)State Key Joint Laboratory of Environment Simulation and
Pollution Control, School of Environment, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084,
China. (5)Department of Precision Instrument, Tsinghua University, Beijing
100084, China.

The purpose of this study is to analyze the climatic characteristics and
long-term spatial and temporal variations of haze occurrence in China. The impact
factors of haze trends are also discussed. Meteorological data from 1961 to 2012 
and daily PM10 concentrations from 2003 to 2012 were employed in this study. The 
results indicate that the annual-average hazy days at all stations have been
increasing rapidly from 4 days in 1961 to 18 days in 2012. The maximum number of 
haze days occur in winter (41.1%) while the minimum occur in summer (10.4%).
During 1961-2012, the high occurrence areas of haze shifted from central to south
and east regions of China. The Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei (Jing-Jin-Ji) region,
Shanxi, Shaanxi, and Henan Province are the high occurrence areas for haze, while
the Yangtze River Delta (YRD) and the Pearl River Delta (PRD) have become regions
with high haze occurrences in the last 25 years. Temperature and pressure are
positively correlated with the number of haze days. However, wind, relative
humidity, precipitation, and sunshine duration are negatively correlated with the
number of haze days. The key meteorological factors affecting the formation and
dissipation of haze vary for high and low altitudes, and are closely related to
anthropogenic activities. In recent years, anthropogenic activities have played a
more important role in haze occurrences compared with meteorological factors.

Copyright © 2016. Published by Elsevier B.V.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jes.2015.12.033 
PMID: 27521945  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


7. Sci Total Environ. 2016 Jul 1;557-558:386-94. doi:
10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.03.095. Epub 2016 Mar 24.

Simultaneous monitoring and compositions analysis of PM1 and PM2.5 in Shanghai:
Implications for characterization of haze pollution and source apportionment.

Qiao T(1), Zhao M(2), Xiu G(3), Yu J(4).

Author information: 
(1)State Environmental Protection Key Laboratory of Risk Assessment and Control
on Chemical Processes, School of Resources & Environmental Engineering, East
China University of Science and Technology (ECUST), Shanghai 200237, China; The
People's Government of Dong Ping Town, Chongming County, Shanghai Municipality,
China. (2)State Environmental Protection Key Laboratory of Risk Assessment and
Control on Chemical Processes, School of Resources & Environmental Engineering,
East China University of Science and Technology (ECUST), Shanghai 200237, China. 
(3)State Environmental Protection Key Laboratory of Risk Assessment and Control
on Chemical Processes, School of Resources & Environmental Engineering, East
China University of Science and Technology (ECUST), Shanghai 200237, China;
Australia-China Centre for Air Quality Science and Management (ACC-AQSM), China. 
(4)Department of Chemistry, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Clear
Water Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong, China.

A year-long simultaneous observation of PM1 and PM2.5 were conducted at ECUST
campus in Shanghai, the compositions were analyzed and compared. Results showed
that PM2.5 was dominated by PM1 on clear days while the contribution of PM1-2.5
to PM2.5 increased on haze days, indicating that PM2.5 should be given priority
to characterize or predict haze pollution. On haze days, accumulation of organic 
carbon (OC), elemental carbon (EC) and primary organic carbon (POC) in PM1-2.5
was faster than that in PM1. Humic-like substances carbon (Hulis-C) in both PM2.5
and PM1 formed faster than water soluble organic carbon (WSOC) on haze days,
hence Hulis-C/WSOC increased with the intensification of haze pollution. In terms
of water soluble ions, NO3(-)/SO4(2-) in PM1 increased with the aggravation of
haze pollution, implying that mobile sources dominated on haze days, so is
nitrogen oxidation ratio (NOR). Liquid water content (LWC) in both PM1 and PM2.5 
had positive correlations with relative humidity (RH) but negative correlations
with visibility, implying that hygroscopic growth might be a factor for
visibility impairment, especially LWC in PM1. By comparison with multi-linear
equations of LWC in PM1 and PM2.5, NO3(-) exerted a higher influence on
hygroscopicity of PM1 than PM2.5, while RH, WSOC, SO4(2-) and NH4(+) had higher
effects on PM2.5, especially WSOC. Source apportionment of PM2.5 was also
investigated to provide reference for policy making. Cluster analysis by HYSPLIT 
(HYbrid Single Particle Lagrangian Integrated Trajectory) model showed that PM2.5
originated from marine aerosols, middle-scale transportation and large-scale
transportation. Furthermore, PM2.5 on haze days was dominated by middle-scale
transportation. In line with source apportionment by positive matrix
factorization (PMF) model, PM2.5 was attributed to secondary inorganics, aged sea
salt, combustion emissions, hygroscopic growth and secondary organics. Secondary 
formation was the principle source of PM2.5. Furthermore, the contribution of
combustion emissions to PM2.5 increased with the intensification of haze
pollution, which was just opposite to hygroscopic growth, while that of secondary
formation kept quite stable on clear days and haze days.

Copyright © 2016. Published by Elsevier B.V.

DOI: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.03.095 
PMID: 27017073  [PubMed - in process]


8. Sci Total Environ. 2016 Apr 15;550:751-9. doi: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.01.137.
Epub 2016 Feb 2.

Ambient bioaerosol particle dynamics observed during haze and sunny days in
Beijing.

Wei K(1), Zou Z(1), Zheng Y(1), Li J(1), Shen F(1), Wu CY(2), Wu Y(1), Hu M(1),
Yao M(3).

Author information: 
(1)State Key Joint Laboratory of Environmental Simulation and Pollution Control, 
College of Environmental Sciences and Engineering, Peking University, Beijing
100871, China. (2)Department of Environmental Engineering Sciences, Engineering
School of Sustainable Infrastructure and Environment, University of Florida,
Gainesville, FL 32611, USA. (3)State Key Joint Laboratory of Environmental
Simulation and Pollution Control, College of Environmental Sciences and
Engineering, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China. Electronic address:
yao@pku.edu.cn.

The chemical characteristics of airborne particulate matter (PM) have been
extensively studied; however, little information exists for its biological
components (bioaerosol) especially during a haze event in mega cities. Herein, we
studied the bioaerosol (fluorescent particle) dynamics on both haze and sunny
days in Beijing from Dec. 2013 to March 2014 by employing a widely used real-time
bioaerosol sensor-ultraviolet aerodynamic particle spectrometer (UV-APS).
Firstly, we studied the fluorescent particle (BioPM) concentration and size
distributions during three independent haze and three independent sunny days.
Secondly, we investigated BioPM dynamics over a two-week long monitoring period
which included consecutive haze days and alternated sunny days. In addition, we
analyzed bacterial community structures and endotoxin levels in the air samples
using pyrosequencing and Limulus amebocyte lysate (LAL) method, respectively.
More than 6-fold higher fluorescent particle concentrations up to 5×10(5)/m(3)
with peaks at night or early dawn were detected at the time of haze occurrences
than those observed on sunny days. When the haze episode progressed for 3-5days, 
the BioPM concentrations were observed to decrease to the levels that were
typically observed on sunny days. In general, ozone levels were found to be
elevated at noon, while BioPM, NOx and relative humidity were reduced. Gene
sequence analysis revealed no significant difference in abundances and community 
structures for top 13 bacterial genera between haze and sunny days, yet about
twice higher endotoxin levels (12.4EU/m(3)) were detected on haze days than on
sunny days. The results here facilitate a better understanding of atmospheric
fluorescent particle dynamics including those under haze events.

Copyright © 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.01.137 
PMID: 26849339  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]


9. J Thorac Dis. 2016 Jan;8(1):E75-7. doi: 10.3978/j.issn.2072-1439.2016.01.35.

Daily lifestyles in the fog and haze weather.

Cai DP(1), He YM(1).

Author information: 
(1)Division of Cardiology, the First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University,
Suzhou 215006, China.

BACKGROUND: China is being plagued by a large-scaled lasting fog and haze, under 
which people have to work and live. Therefore, it matters to do what we can to
minimize the adverse impact of the fog and haze on individual health on a daily
basis.
METHODS: Relative literatures on the fog and haze have been searched and
reviewed. Particular attention has been paid to the literatures on the adverse
impact of the fog and haze on the people's health and on the ways minimizing this
impact.
RESULTS: Coming across the weather of fog and haze, appropriate measures taken
can minimize its adverse impact on individuals on a daily basis. The measures
included vitamin intake, water drinking, air cleaning indoors, stay-at-home, and 
mask wearing outdoors. These measures are simple and proven effective.
CONCLUSIONS: Simple and effective measures seem to be sufficient to minimizing
the adverse impact of the fog and haze on the individual's health on a daily
basis. Lifestyle changes, awareness of environment protection, energy
conservation, and new and clean energy use are ultimate ways to curb the air
pollution and reduce the occurrence of the fog and haze.

DOI: 10.3978/j.issn.2072-1439.2016.01.35 
PMCID: PMC4740148
PMID: 26904256  [PubMed]


10. Environ Pollut. 2016 Jan;208(Pt B):655-62. doi: 10.1016/j.envpol.2015.10.042.
Epub 2015 Nov 6.

Fractionation of airborne particulate-bound elements in haze-fog episode and
associated health risks in a megacity of southeast China.

Li H(1), Wang Q(2), Shao M(3), Wang J(1), Wang C(1), Sun Y(1), Qian X(4), Wu
H(1), Yang M(5), Li F(5).

Author information: 
(1)State Key Laboratory of Pollution Control and Resources Reuse, School of the
Environment, Nanjing University, Nanjing 210023, China. (2)State Key Laboratory
of Pollution Control and Resources Reuse, School of the Environment, Nanjing
University, Nanjing 210023, China; Collaborative Innovation Center of Atmospheric
Environment and Equipment Technology (CICAEET), Nanjing University of Information
Science & Technology, Nanjing 210044, China. (3)GENRI, College of Science, George
Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030, United States. (4)State Key Laboratory of
Pollution Control and Resources Reuse, School of the Environment, Nanjing
University, Nanjing 210023, China; Collaborative Innovation Center of Atmospheric
Environment and Equipment Technology (CICAEET), Nanjing University of Information
Science & Technology, Nanjing 210044, China. Electronic address:
xqian@nju.edu.cn. (5)Collaborative Innovation Center of Atmospheric Environment
and Equipment Technology (CICAEET), Nanjing University of Information Science &
Technology, Nanjing 210044, China; Jiangsu Key Laboratory of Atmospheric
Environment Monitoring and Pollution Control, School of Environmental Science and
Engineering, Nanjing University of Information Science & Technology, Nanjing
210044, China.

Haze caused by high particulate matter loadings is an important environmental
issue. PM2.5 was collected in Nanjing, China, during a severe haze-fog event and 
clear periods. The particulate-bound elements were chemically fractionated using 
sequential extractions. The average PM2.5 concentration was 3.4 times higher
during haze-fog (96-518 μg/m(3)) than non-haze fog periods (49-142 μg/m(3)).
Nearly all elements showed significantly higher concentrations during haze-fog
than non-haze fog periods. Zn, As, Pb, Cd, Mo and Cu were considered to have
higher bioavailability and enrichment degree in the atmosphere. Highly
bioavailable fractions of elements were associated with high temperatures. The
integrated carcinogenic risk for two possible scenarios to individuals exposed to
metals was higher than the accepted criterion of 10(-6), whereas noncarcinogenic 
risk was lower than the safe level of 1. Residents of a city burdened with haze
will incur health risks caused by exposure to airborne metals.

Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.envpol.2015.10.042 
PMID: 26552535  [PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE]

